0,[u'dr andrews provides an excellent public service on healthap  he gives the best radiology answers i have read by any contributors he is knowledgable about many areas of medicine i recommend dr andrews'  u'excellent advice for patients']
1,[u'dr fleishman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr fleishman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2,[u'thank you so much for your input benefiting not just the patients but other health care providers!  i appreciate you!'  u'i recommend dr galli for your facial plastic surgery issues'  u'a fantastic physician who really cares for her patients'  u'great doc!!!']
3,[u'dr fong is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr fong is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'i am grateful for this doctor this thanksgiving!'  u'good']
4,[u'dr anand is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr anand is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
5,[u'dr mann is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr mann is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr mann is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower2']
6,[u'dr inwood is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr inwood is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr inwood is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'tks for info  appreciate that you suggested more than one possibility'  u'i am grateful for this doctor this thanksgiving!']
7,[u'dr shah is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr shah is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
8,[u'an exceptional teacher  compassionate doctor  and one of a kind neurologist'  u'a fantastic physician thank you for great and helpful answers']
9,[u'great dentist!!']
10,[u'dr belk is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr belk is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
11,[u'very informative answers   always quick to respond to patients   definitely a great doctor!'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
12,[u'i highly endorse dr rahil malik as an insightful  knowledgeable  empathetic and compassionate expert and i feel that he is an asset to the healthtap expert panel a+++ physician'  u'dr malik will provide the best obstetric and gynecologic care to his patients he is a wonderful asset on healthtap for patients as well as for the fellow physicians'  u'i endorse dr malik he is providing an valuable service to the public via healthtap'  u'a caring and compassionate young specialist in obgyn pleased to recommend']
13,[u'dr hegab is a prince among men (and docs)!  he is smart  kind  and supportive to one and all  i value all he says  and i am also touched  as well as grateful   for his kindness to both patients and peers'  u'i find dr al hegab answers elegant and accurate  i am grateful to him for his input in caring for the general public in this setting he is performing a great service'  u'dr hegab offers very valuable information in her clear and concise answers i strongly value his advice and presence on healthtap'  u'easy to understand answers  accessible  approachable and expert collaborates well with colleagues and a blessing for healthtap!'  u'i appreciate his professionalism and his positive attitude he goes beyond just doing what is expected of him'  u'excellent allergist  i would recommend him to my friends and patients alike']
14,[u'very accurate and timely answers']
15,[u'dr jamali has a wealth of knowledge and i am impressed with his devotion to answering questions on this site as a public service'  u'great oral surgeon!!']
16,[u'great answers!  nice job!']
17,[u'dr kohn is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr kohn is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
18,[uvicki is an expert in her field and has a vast general medical knowledge  truly an asset to healthtap and a great caring patient advocate  if i were closer i'd send her all my consults!  u'dr levine has consistently shown thoughtful and useful advise to patients in her interactions she is an expert in her field i highly recommend her for your health care needs !'  u'dr levine! thank you  for helping both the patients and the doctors with you accurate caring responses!'  u'dr vicki levine is a knowledgeable and caring dermatologist  i highly recommend her'  u'knowledgeable  caring  expert in dermatology great answers! i trust her advice'  u'dr levine gives a lot of good  common sense  plain-english advice on healthtap']
19,[u'respected specialist in family medicine highly recommend'  u'very timely and accurate responses']
20,[u'dr linnell is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr linnell is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
21,[u'i have been absolutely impressed with dr lin!  not only does he provide very accurate and well thought out answers in this forum  he does so with compassion  concern and sometimes humor to help his patients understand  this is a true rarity in any profession  something i consider a gift  i highly recommend and endorse dr alvin bay lin'  u'dr lin is a remarkable and welcomed addition to the avvo community his answers are not only succinct and accurate  but they show just how much he cares for his profession and his patients i am honored to work alongside him i endorse and highly recommend dr lin'  u'dr alvin is known throughout the healthtap community as concise  prompt and helpful with his answers  i learn often from reading his posts  a true gem to this online community'  udr lin's insightful answers is a wealth of knowledge not just for patients but for fellow physicians as well \r\ni highly recommend him to everyone!  u'i endorse this doctor dr lin provides an exceptional service to the public through the education and guidance he provides on avvocom'  udr lin's answers are thorough  clear and often with reference links for more patient access to information]
22,[u'dr wolfe is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr wolfe is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr wolfe is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'quick response and very helpful!']
23,[u'dr martinez is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr martinez is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr martinez is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'i am grateful for this doctor this thanksgiving!'  u'nice answer to a great question']
24,[u'dr greuner has exceptional surgical skills which match his wonderful bedside manner i would recommend dr greuner with my highest enthusiasm']
25,[udr ingram's responses demonstrate a depth of knowledge about his specialty and are always accurate and phrased so that the questioner can understand them easily he has a wry sense of humor and i find him quite enjoyable to read would recommend him highly  ui am so impressed with dr ingram's breath of knowledge in obstetrics and gynecology  the information he provides is accurate  understandable  compassionate and with just the right tincture of humor i endorse dr ingram  u'dr ingram demonstrates a wide knowledge base  with accurate  insightful answers  he is a corner stone of healthtap  teaching both doctors and patients about topics covering many of the questions we come across'  u'intelligent  caring gives great answers\r\nhighly recommend'  u'excellent responses showing in depth knowledge'  u'caring  knowledgeable  dedicated physician!']
26,[u'dr rao has a deep knowledge of an impressive array of medical topics he cuts straight to the heart of the matter and explains difficult topics in a manner that is very easy to understand the mississippi delta is very privileged to enjoy his service'  u'i highly recommend dr rao he is an outstanding physician  his expertise in medicine matches his compassion and care for patients an unique resource to both patients and doctors on health tap! \r\nthank you  you are great  dr rao!'  u'i am consistently impressed with the content and quality of the information that dr rao provides on health tap  he provides a real service to the public i recommend dr rao'  u'i recommend you as a well know expert in your field\r\ndr jakavick would recommend this dr to all who seek their expertise'  u'very informative answers   always quick to respond to patients   definitely a great doctor!'  u'dr rao provides great advice on healthtap he is on my referral network']
27,[u'an expert physician knowledgeable on a wide variety of topics a big help to many patients on health tap'  u'has a wealth of knowledge and experience in nutrition and adhd']
28,[u'dr karsant is clearly a very knowledgable dentist i met him at a healthtap retreat & learned from him he is providing a valuable service to the public on healthtap i endorse dr karsant'  u'a very intelligent  expereinced and highly engaged dentist i enjoyed meeting and working with him very much highly recommend'  u'dr karsant supplies helpful  informative answers on healthtap  and is a thoughtful  engaged colleague  i recommend him highly!'  u'doctor peter a karsant answer are very informative  helpful to the people on health tap\ni would highly  recommend him'  u'a very knowledgeable and dedicated dentist excellent to the point answers and advice i highly recommend'  u'very knowledgable doctor   great answers and a great doctor to follow!']
29,[u'dr mcgarry has some wonderfully succinct and accurate answers  i highly recommend her  dr don e millner'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
30,[u'i felt so stupid when i asked this guy a semi-paranoical question and just got reminded of blood sugar levels it was more simple than i thought thanks a lot! made a difference'  u'dr rothman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr rothman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr rothman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr rothman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr rothman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
31,[udr weeks' healthtap replies are clear  timely  and helpful  he provides a great public service here  and i endorse him  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
32,[u'i strongly endorse dr cohn as a leading physician and healer who demonstrates exceptional knowledge of medicine and hands-on skills  his unique training and experience in practice provides an unparalleled approach to healing'  u'dr cohen represents what we all want from a a doctor he is a true healer who demonstrates a solid science foundation expanded by an appreciation for the rest of what makes us whole  i highly recommend him'  u'you will hard pressed to find a better pain doctor'  u'very consistent!']
33,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'thanks for your valuable contributions']
34,[u'great answers  thank you!']
35,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'knowledgeable expert in ent highly recommend']
36,[u'i endorse this dentist dr funari is one of the best qualified and skillful oral surgeons with whom i have worked i highly recommend him for all aspects of oral surgery'  ui endorse this dentist dr funari is a knowledgable guy  i've worked on an advisory board with him and know several patients who have had positive experiences with him  udr funari is an extremely dedicated and knowledgeable dentist with his patient's best interests at heart  i highly recommend and endorse dr funari  u'i endorse this dentist  dr funari practices to the highest standard  i send patients to him knowing that the care they get will be amazing'  u'i endorse this dentist  quality and honesty are what comes to mind when i think of dr funari  \nmichael i wollock  dmd  agd fellow'  u'i endorse this dentist we have worked on several cases together with excellent results']
37,[u'informative  realistic!  nice balance'  u'great answers!'  u'knowledgeable']
38,[u'being trained  licensed  & board certified both medically (both otolaryngology and facial plastic & reconstructive surgery) and dentally (oral & maxillofacial surgery) drgallia is in possession of an incredibly impressive breadth of training  knowledge  and experience in his field  his answers to questions are clear  precise  & very helpful &it is my pleasure to recommend him very highly indeed'  u'although i live far from dr lou  i have had the chance to see his recommendations  his accolades and his patient satisfaction i highly recommend dr lou for his experience  recognition nationally and his devotion to his community of patients'  u'great doctor he gets right to the point  addresses the issue in a straightforward manner and tells you who to follow up with what more could you want glad to have him here on healthtapcom impressed with his tmj expertise'  u'i have known dr gallia to be extremely knowledgable as an oral surgeon and have been very pleased with the way he has teated my patients  i have no hesitation in recommending him'  u'dr gallia is an expert in his field and i highly recommend searching him out for answers relating to ent  maxillofacial  tmj  and other related areas of interest!'  u'not your basic or all surgeon  best of the best! very experience oral surgeon many additional specialties definitely in good hands and highly recommended!']
39,[u'dr quasha is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
40,[u'dr blatman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr blatman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
41,[uwell  i can usually go through a physician's answers in an hour or so but dr alvis takes education to a whole new level  each answer references further material where in depth knowledge of the presenting concern can be obtained  answers and references are of extraordinary quality and based on what appears to be a highly superior intellect able to teach those of us not so endowed great teacher!  ui enjoy and learn from dr alvis' answers he is thorough  exact  in what he has to offer both patients and colleagues alike  as both immediate  and relevant! excellent bedside manner and we are lucky to have him here on healthtap!  u'dr alvis clearly is very knowledgable about preventive medicine & medicine in general  he provides an excellent public service on healthtap i recommend dr alvis'  u'a very knowledgeable  dedicated  caring physician whose contributions on this site are welcomed and much appreciated  an outstanding doctor to follow thank you!'  u'dr alvis is a great physician that gives insightful  useful  practical  and preventative advise!'  u'dr alvis enjoys helping his patients as  well as educating them in his area of expertise']
42,[uexcellent answers and quick responses with very helpful and thoughtful information offered to patient's questions  u'top doctor']
43,[u'great answers!'  u'great doc!!']
44,[u'dr sabel is a respected  careful  and thoughtful surgeon who takes care of each patient like he would a family member']
45,[u'dr fischer is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr fischer is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
46,[u'i have been impressed with dr minich pointed answers with knowledge  depth  wit  and kindness so  i highly recommend her to anyone looking for care / service from her specialty without reservation \r\n\r\n(james) chin-ti lin  md'  u'dr minich is a dedicated doctor  who has been actively answering complex medical questions with compassion  and insight she provides practical and solutions  and recommendations for patients great healthteam expert'  u'i highly endorse dr diane mimich as an expert in her field and as an asset to the healthtap community of experts she is knowledgeable  insightful and empathetic i think that she is an asset  to our physician panel'  u'i have learned a great deal from dr minich here on healthtap and have learned a great deal from her thoughtful  expert  and helpful answers to her patients i look forward to learning more from her!'  u'i recommend dr minich she is providing a valuable service to the public via healthtap she provides sensible  accurate and respectful input i endorse dr minich'  u'dr minich is an extremely knowledgeable physician who obviously care greatly for her patients and their health she is a terrific asset to the healthtap community!']
47,[ui highly recommend dr killian for his dedication and excellent and straightforward responses on healthtap he is clearly very knowledgeable in the area of human sexuality and sexually transmitted diseases as well as in men's health and excellent addition to the healthtap team  ui see dr k on line often giving expert and knowledgeable advice from a variety of topics including : human immunodeficiency virus  sexually transmitted infections  aids  gay  lesbian and transgender health  men's health he is a major contributer to the health tap community  udr killian has a vast amount of knowledge and a great ability to separate the wheat from the chaff in answering questions with clarity and wit i appreciate learning from him as much as i'm sure the readers do  too  u'dr killian is informative  clear  compassionate and interesting i look forward to seeing his replies and comments i always learn things that are helpful and often thought provoking a great resource!'  u'dr killian is very knowledgeable and his answers are a great resource to patients here on health tap  i find myself learning a lot from reading his entries'  u'outstanding and to the point answers and advice obviously a very knowledgeable  caring and dedicated doctor']
48,[u'dr eglash is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr eglash is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
49,[u'i highly recommend dr may as a knowledgeable and experienced dentist his advice is excellent i would send any family member to him'  u'i commend dr may for his consistently outstanding comprehensive  informative  and  to the point articulate answers and advice']
50,[u'dr irizarry is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr irizarry is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr irizarry is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'i kept wondering about this question and somebody finally answerd it'  u'he is straight forward and to the point'  u'his response time was impressive']
51,[u'great feed back and knowledgeable physician  stimulating responses to a variety of health related issues  i recommend dr scartozzi without reservation'  u'keep up the great work   great answers  looking forward to supporting you and building your reputation  ron (oral surgeon  orlando)'  u'dr scartozzi is a good drhe take care of patients with compassion   love   dedicated and knowledgeable'  u'combining compassion and knowledge recently helped a very complicated patient of mine'  u'excellent dedicated physician with very helpful answers for patients on healthtap'  u'highly knowledgeable  experienced expert in retinal surgery\r\nhighly recommend']
52,[u'very impressive physician and scientist who nevertheless reaches out to those of us who can learn a lot from him  drjehaimi has an extraordinary record of publications illustrating the mind of a true medical detective who is clearly on the cutting edge of medical research yet from this vantage  he is able to communicate to patients  in a compassionate and concerned manner  complex information'  ui admire dr jehaimi not only for his extensive medical knowledge but for the generosity with which he shares it with the healthtap community  he answers patients' questions thoughtfully and clearly and he'll take the time to include helpful  sometimes personalized details  u'i endorse dr jehaimi he provides an exceptional service to the public through the medical information and guidance he shares on avvocom it is clear that he has both a marked depth and breath of knowledge i learn a lot through his contributions'  u'excellent  well-thought  thorough answers that have helped my patients and also improved my knowledge clearly a competent and compassionate physician who i am proud to call a colleague!'  u'dr jehaimi is a very knowledgeable  caring physician who takes time to answer healthtap questions thoroughly  i appreciate his contributions  and highly recommend him'  u'fast  fantastic answers to often complex questions  truly an asset to the medical community a true national leader in pediatric endocrinology']
53,[u'excellent answers and advice'  u'great dds!!']
54,[usmart  accomplished  and helpful  you can't go wrong with dr bluman!]
55,[u'dr beach is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr beach is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
56,[u'dr dorsey is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr dorsey is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
57,[udr schleimer  simply stated  amazes me with his vast knowledge  independent thinking  spot on answers  professionalism and articulate responses  i'm sure his patients are lucky to have him as their dentist and receiving the highest quality dentistry  u'dr schleimer  is very knowledgeable  his answers reflect  the  understanding  of  dental  health that comes with experience  and education we can all learn and  benefit from this doctor'  u'with all of the prefabricated mcbraces out there dr schleimer is one who focuses on what is best for the patient  not selling what people want when it is not sound'  u'thorough  precise & detailed very impressive'  u'accurate and timely opinions'  u'i recommend this physician!']
58,[u'great doc!!']
59,[u'knowledgeablen  helpful and clear responses  thank you for answering the immunization question that continues to surprisingly generate debate!'  ui enjoy and learn a great deal from dr singer's answers a real asset to healthtap!  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'experienced  very well trained and helpful pediatric neurologist'  u'thanks for your valuable contributions'  u'smart doctor\r\ni highly recommend']
60,[u'dr mcclurg is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
61,[u'intelligent comprehensive physician with advanced training who achieve the highest recognition in our speciality for a young physiatrist by having the highest school in the country on written board examination'  u'you get my vote! nice job! keep up the good work']
62,[ui enjoy dr roberts' succinct  common-sense answers and the way he meets patients where they are collaborates well with colleagues  and teaches us all something! an asset to healthtap!!]
63,[u'dr freitag is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr freitag is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
64,[u'dr hemming provides excellent answers regarding all aspects of gastroenterology'  u'extraordinary in compassion and competence']
65,[u'dr guzik has consistently shown thoughtful and useful advise to patients in his interactions he is an expert in his field i highly recommend him for your health care needs !']
66,[u'dr elkhalil is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr elkhalil is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'great']
67,[u'dr williams is very knowledgeable  i recommend him highly']
68,[u'dr bowman is a national recognized expert in foot and ankle surgery  he is well-known for being informative and having plans of meaningful action for patients  i highly endorse him without reservations'  u'dr bowman is a kind caring physician with advanced training in foot and ankle medicine and surgery  he has years of experience and a practice with an outstanding reputation'  u'knowledgeable doctor - if anyone is in houston  their feet would be in good hands with dr bowmanhighly recommended']
69,[u'dedicated and knowledgeable; dr wenzel is a leader in the field of foot and ankle surgery'  u'excellent and well thought-out advice and recommendations']
70,[u'gave an honest medical opinion that upon following through with my dr  was the same suggested medical advice!! i have seen responses given that would havr been better researched through wiki-pedia this dr gave an answer that had me in the dr office the next day! thank you!'  u'dr inzer is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr inzer is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'very prompt and helpful']
71,[u'i would  like to welcome dr  bradley to avvocom he is providing a valuable public service through his insightful responses on avvocom'  u'dr bradley has provided insightful  compassionate and well thought out answers on avvo  he is a welcome addition to the avvo community'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'i enjoy your comments useful and practical']
72,[ui commend dr thaler for his consistently informative  to the point and articulate answers  it's obvious that he practices quality dentistry and cares about the well being of his patients  u'dr thaler among the best prosthodontists i know  i wish he was closer to the area where i practice  i trust dr thaler to get optimum results even with difficult cases'  u'i endorse this dentist dr thaler was an instructor of mine at temple dental school that i often saught out for help and guidance'  u'i endorse this dentist   dr thaler is a very skilled and knowledgeable practicioner  dr john whytosek'  u'i endorse this dentist'  u'i endorse this dentist']
73,[u'i really enjoy reading the information dr bonuel provides  he has a holistic approach and clearly is capable of thinking outside the box in a way that really benefits patients  he is providing an excellent service to the public via healthtap  i recommend dr bonuel'  u'dr bonuel provides concise answers  and links for patients to learn more about their issues  and is an excellent doctor appreciate him being part of the health tap team of outstanding doctors'  u'i fully recommend dr bonuel to anyone needing his help as he seems to care deeply about his field of internal medicine great physician and colleague and asset to the community at healthtap!'  u'dr bonuel is a caring  knowledgeable physician who shares his time on healthtap generously  he answers questions with the whole person in mind  i recommend dr bonuel'  udr bonuel's posts are always thought provoking  one can truly see the commitment and passion to medicine  keep the great answers coming  u'thank you for caring and helping the health tap community of patients and doctors!  keep up the great job!']
74,[u'dr smith is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr smith is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
75,[u'dr myers is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr myers is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
76,[u'very thoughtful extremely knowledgeable a great doctor a great human being it is my pleasure to be able to write this recommendation'  u'dr rafat provides excellent information on podiatry to the public via healthtap'  u'dr raft enjoys his practice and wants to share his knowledge-dave'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
77,[u'dr nyman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr nyman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
78,[u'i endorse dr park he is actively involved in providing health education to the public via healthtap he shares understandable  accurate & compassionate information i learn a lot from his entries'  u'a talented and experienced physician with exceptional level of dedication  it is an honor to have him here on healthtap  and in south carolina  highly recommended!'  u'very ac accurate & thorough!'  u'excellent physician']
79,[u'dr shifrin is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr shifrin is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
80,[u'i endorse this dentist dr funari is one of the best qualified and skillful oral surgeons with whom i have worked i highly recommend him for all aspects of oral surgery'  ui endorse this dentist dr funari is a knowledgable guy  i've worked on an advisory board with him and know several patients who have had positive experiences with him  udr funari is an extremely dedicated and knowledgeable dentist with his patient's best interests at heart  i highly recommend and endorse dr funari  u'i endorse this dentist  dr funari practices to the highest standard  i send patients to him knowing that the care they get will be amazing'  u'i endorse this dentist  quality and honesty are what comes to mind when i think of dr funari  \nmichael i wollock  dmd  agd fellow'  u'i endorse this dentist we have worked on several cases together with excellent results']
81,[u'dr joshi is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr joshi is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
82,[u'your answer was very helpful! thanks :)'  u'this made me feel good thanks!'  u'thank you very much for answering my question i appreciate it'  u'your answer was very helpful! thanks :)'  u'thank you  your answer was very helpful!'  u'your answer was very helpful! thanks :)']
83,[u'knowledegeable and caring answers']
84,[uhi doc:\r\ngood advice!!\r\ni've added your to my network and recommended you\r\ni would appreciate a return of the favor\r\ni'm on omfs in sacramento  ca\r\nthanks\r\nlouis gallia md  dmd  facs  u'very helpful and responsive  i recommend highly'  u'nice job!  continued caring and informative']
85,[u'i learn a great deal from the information that dr encarnacion provides he is clearly very knowledgeable  about oncology and medicine in general i endorse dr encarnacion'  u'i highly recommend dr carlos encarnacion  he is highly knowledgeable and caring'  u'very accurate and timely responses'  u'excellent physician!'  u'excellent physician'  u'good doctor']
86,[u'highly recommend dr honore  his answers are extremely thoughtful and he provides an extensive amount of education in his answers  would definitely seek his advice for obstetrics  gynecology  infertility and reproductive endocrinology  exceptional physician'  u'accurate common-sense responses to some difficult questions makes this physician a valuable source of information on healthtap  he appears not only to have an extensive knowledge base but indicates empathy for the problems confronting his questioners'  u'dr honore provides an exceptional public service on healthtap he is extremely knowledgable about fertility his responses are mindful  clear  helpful and accurate i learn alot from the information he provides i recommend dr  honore'  u'dr honore is an excellent and experienced physician who i have personally known since 1999 and we were partners at uthscsa i recommend him without reservations'  u'i have worked with dr honore for at least 10 years and can say without reservations that he is outstanding with his bedside manor and his surgical ability!'  u'a caring  accomplished professional  whose answer are accurate and timely  for the couple in stressful situation highly recommend dr honore!']
87,[ui have been reading & learning from dr ferguson's healthtap input for a number of months he is clearly very knowledgeable about pediatrics  infectious disease & a medicine in general the information he provides is balanced  accurate & always right on target  he has earned my respect  he is providing an excellent service to the public via health tap  i recommend dr ferguson  u'dr ferguson knows how to talk to kids and to parents as well  which is to say he is an expert in his field with effective execution  combined with warm bedside manner in caring for his anxious youthful patients  as well as their even more nervous parents bravo  dr ferguson!!! we learn much from you here on healthtap!'  ui am recommending dr ferguson for a 2nd time because he shares his compregensive knowledge of pediatrics in a straightforward  casual but authorative style also  he doesn't seem to mind comments from an aging feminist with a quirky point of view  u'highly knowledgeable and well respected has helped so many patients on health tap and in practice a treasure\r\nhighly recommend'  u'dr  ferguson has a vast fund of knowledge that allows for effectively contributing to this online community of health'  u'dr ferguson is an extremely well-informed physician  and his answers are wise and helpful  thanks  dr ferguson!']
88,[u'dr stacey  is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr stacey  is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
89,[u'i would recommend and endore dr davantizis without hesitation  dr davantzis does all he can to not only cut through the confusion that patients struggle with  but he does so with well-thought out and meaningful answers  he truly cares not only for his patients  but for the profession of dentistry'  u'i endorse this dentist  i have known dr davantzis professionally and personally for many years  his clinical and interpersonal skills are outstanding  he truly cares for his patients as if they were his own family  i would highly recommend him to anyone in need of dental care'  u'it is a pleasure to speak on behalf of a trusted and proficient colleague whom i have known for 30 years  ted is an intelligent  articulate  compassionate and highly capable clinician  his patients are quite fortunate to have him as their dentist'  u'dr davantzis demonstrates a clear commitment to the dental profession  and to the community his posts on avvo reflect his vast knowledge and expertise  i believe that he is an asset to his profession and to his patients!'  u'i endorse dr davantzis for his ongoing effort to help patients in need of dental advice  for his vast knowledge  and with whom i share his philosophies concerning dental treatment  he is a credit to our profession'  u'dr davantzis gives clear answers and explanantion in a very kind tone  i find myself in agreement with dr davantzis and i endorse this dentist  thank you dr davantzis for your professionalism\nzev kaufman  dds']
90,[u'very intelligent  kind answers\r\nhighly recommend']
91,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
92,[uit is an honor to endorse and support dr alan zweig  i have constantly been impressed with his articulate  caring answers he's given to countless people in the avvo community   i'm convinced this is but a small reflection of how he is with his patients  i highly recommend dr alan zweig without hesitation  u'i have had the pleasure of collaborating with dr zweig in the treatment of many of his patients over the past 20 years having had the opportunity to observe the high standards dr zweig has set in his practice and the personal care with which he treats his patients  i heartily endorse and recommend him'  ui have known and worked with dr zweig as an orthodontist for the past 30 years  throughout this time i have found him to be very professional  caring and always placing the patient's needs and wants ahead of all else and delivering the best dentistry possible  u'i endorse this dentist i practice orthodontics very close to dr zweig\'s office he is an excellent dentist and stays ahead of the curve with the latest dental technology'  u'i endorse this dentist dr zweig consistently provides  excellent information on avvocom he is  exceptionally good at providing education through this format'  u'i endorse this dentist dr zweig is very knowledgable and willing to share a wealth of information to help dental patients make appropriate treatment decisions']
93,[u'dr collins presents sedate  concise  easy answers that reflect a caring  understanding personality suggesting a high-caliber doc with excellent bedside manner with full explanations  a pleasure to have in our network!'  u'dr collins provides high quality answers to patient questions her answers are thoughtful  to the point  and helpful i recommend her highly'  u'i would recommend doctor lydia collins for her knowledge and her expertise in the field of gynecology'  u'thoughtful  timely answers!  a great contributor to health tap'  u'excellent doctor and an asset to healthtap'  u'recommend for abnormal vaginal bleeding']
94,[u'dr sadek is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr sadek is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr sadek is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
95,[u'dr tuakli is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr tuakli is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
96,[u'dr montella is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr montella is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
97,[u'dr vidhun is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr vidhun is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
98,[u'dr ibrahim provides pertinent information  and has excellent clinical skills he is also supportive and helpful to new doctors joining the healthtap team so that we can excel further in this platform of serving  and caring for patients'  u'dr ibrahim has extensive knowledge and experience and is able to communicate such in easy to understand terms he is highly ranked nationally in all categories! his responses can be counted on as being on the cutting edge of knowledge'  u'i fully recommend dr ibrahim to anyone needing his help as he has provided wonderful answers and seems to care deeply about his field of pain management  great physician and colleague!'  u'dr ibrahim gives valuable  clear  and understandable answers his experience  knowledge  and concern for patience is obvious a great asset to health tap'  u'i recommend dr ibrahim he is very knowledgable about pain managment and medicine in general he is providing an excellent public service via healthtap'  u'dr ibrahim is a caring physician he consistently provides excellent information to patients on healthtap he is a great asset to this community']
99,[u'i do recommend dr anyanwu with no reservation  to anyone seeking for a caring  comprehensive care from his specialty because i have been impressed with his pointed answers to inquiry with knowledge  wit  and kindness\r\n\r\nso  see him whenever you may need his service\r\n\r\n(james) chin-ti lin\r\nwwwformefirstcom'  u'dr jovita anyanwu is an excellent diagnostician and a caring physician  this is evident in her clear  concise  and knowledgeable patient responses  her tip tap contributions are also very informative  i am pleased to serve with dr anyanwu as a colleague on healthtap'  u'dr anyanwu has been an excellent addition to the healthtap team her answers show experienced clinical judgment and are clear and to the point i recommend her without reservation d jacobson  md'  u'dr anyanwu has consistently shown thoughtful and useful advise to patients in his interactions he is an expert in his field \r\n\r\ni highly recommend him for your health care needs !'  u'i recommend dr anyanwu i look forward to reading the information she shares on healthtap she provides accurate  clear & compassionate responses i endorse dr anyanwu'  u'patient with all his answers despite questions that may seem trivial and unnecessary knowledgeable and kind in his replies to all questions thank you dr jovita']
100,[u'dr joe woods is reliably well informed with superb knowledge base  and able to parse very complex situations into easy understandable directives highly recommended ! ed seegers md  facp'  u'strongly recommended great posts for patients and thorough  attentive answers to practitioners alike knowledgeable  attentive  enthusiastic!'  u'i highly recommend dr woods even other experts learn from his answers'  uanswers patient's questions in a timely manner  very knowledgeable!  u'excellent responses to questions and very supportive of patients'  u'excellent pathologist! great asset to healthtap!']
101,[u'dr cattano provides thoughful  interesting  accurate and understandable responses on healthtap  he is providing an excellent service to the public i learn by reading his input i recommend dr cattano'  ui very much enjoy dr cattano's insightful and thorough answers to  patient questions on the site  i highly recommend  him as a source of gi knowledge  great work !  ui enjoy reading dr cattano's responses on healthtap -- they teach me something every time  he's a wonderful physician and contributor here -- highly recommended!  u'a concise answer  compassion and experience is what you will get when dr cattano answers one of your questions  such a great value to the healthtap community!'  u'dr cattano is a font of wisdom!  everyone  docs and patients  can profit from his excellent posts  his courtesy and respect for us all is also admirable'  u'drcattano is obviously  from his online answers  a very knowledgeable and competent gastroenterologist i would be his patient if i lived in his area']
102,[u'great doctor! wise and compassionate andwers  highly knowledgeble i certainly recomment dr ferranti!'  u'excellent critical care doc with wide spectrum of training and knowledge base recommend!'  u'all i can say is wow very impressive very impressive indeed  great job dr ferranti'  u'very accurate and timely responses'  u'expert pulmonary care specialist'  u'i recommend this physician!']
103,[u'i have been absolutely impressed with dr lin!  not only does he provide very accurate and well thought out answers in this forum  he does so with compassion  concern and sometimes humor to help his patients understand  this is a true rarity in any profession  something i consider a gift  i highly recommend and endorse dr alvin bay lin'  u'dr lin is a remarkable and welcomed addition to the avvo community his answers are not only succinct and accurate  but they show just how much he cares for his profession and his patients i am honored to work alongside him i endorse and highly recommend dr lin'  u'dr alvin is known throughout the healthtap community as concise  prompt and helpful with his answers  i learn often from reading his posts  a true gem to this online community'  udr lin's insightful answers is a wealth of knowledge not just for patients but for fellow physicians as well \r\ni highly recommend him to everyone!  u'i endorse this doctor dr lin provides an exceptional service to the public through the education and guidance he provides on avvocom'  udr lin's answers are thorough  clear and often with reference links for more patient access to information]
104,[udr michaels is a very experienced and knowledgeable colleague i know that his answers are thoughtful and useful not only to the patients here on healthtap  but to generalists such as myself who wish to lean more about urology  surgery and medical practice clearly i respect  dr micheals' opinion and recommend him highly  u'i fully recommend dr michaels to anyone needing his help as he seems to care deeply about his field of urology great physician and colleague and asset to the community at healthtap!'  u'i endorse dr michaels dr michaels is an extremely knowledgeable urologist who willingly  provides healthcare information to the public'  u'dr michaels gives helpful   caring  and thoughtful answers i highly recommend him  and thank him for being my colleague on health tap'  udr michaels is truly a wonderful and compassionate doctor it's an honor and privilege to be in his network of physicians  u'anybody who takes the their personal time to answer questions for patients is fine by me']
105,[u'i recommend this physician!']
106,[u'dr berg provides outstanding responses and recommendations for patients that are concise  pertinent and highly informative too her answers are in depth  helpful  relevant  and provides direction that the patient can go to seek the help they need glad to have her as a top surgeon on the healthtap team excellent role model too'  u'i highly recommend dr berg for her knowledge wealth  caring attitude  promptness  and just being a great doc! i would never hesitate to entrust her the care for myself and my family'  u'dr tracy a  berg is an excellent physician  very knowledgeable passionate and on the top of her field she is a great value to the people of wa  and to the family of health tap'  u'drberg gives excellent answers to the virtual patientsconcise accurate and to the pointshe is an asset to health tap and i am sure also to her patients'  u'great presence on healthtap her scores and stats speak for themselves highly recommended for her insightful and timely answers'  u'great posts that are always informative to patients and doctors on healthtap']
107,[u'dr pederson is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr pederson is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
108,[u'dr wiggin is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr wiggin is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
109,[u'i am constantly impressed by the outstanding informative  to the point  common sense  articulate answers given by dr van der werff  his expertise is evident and his patients are truly lucky to have him as their dentist'  u'great answers! i love this dentist i learn from him\r\nsmart  caring  to-the-point answers a great contributor to health tap\r\nhighly recommend'  u'great  thoughtful answers very knowledgeable a pleasure to have in my network'  u'very thorough and precise recommend highly'  u'great doctor!!']
110,[udr dohan is the kindest  clearest-writing dermatologist that i've met here i've learned a great deal from him]
111,[u'dr kohanzadeh is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr kohanzadeh is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'very simple and to the point answer  thanks alot']
112,[u'dr dugan has a fantastic reputation in our community'  u'great reputation'  u'recommended']
113,[u'dr sparacino provides an excellent service to the public via health tap he is knowledgable about many areas of medicine and his responses are clear and helpful i recommend dr sparacino'  u'dr sparacino helps everyone by sharing his wide experience in such a thoughtful  responsive manner   his patients in mn are lucky to have him in person!'  u'outstanding consultant on health tap congratulations on top doctor 2013 level 25 is a real achievement'  ui am grateful for dr sparacino's expertise  and kind and thoughtful presence on healthtap!  u'i recommend this doctor  very insightful and i learn something new from these answers'  u'fantastic answers with great expertise   a great doctor to follow on healthtap']
114,[u'dr domercant is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr domercant is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
115,[udr glicksman's responses are impressively comprehensive and well stated  sound in the science underlying her explanations and demonstrate a concern for each and every person's situation  her patients are fortunate to be in her care  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
116,[ufrom reading dr wilson's responses  to questions asked to him  i would no hesitate to recommend him as your pain management specialist  dr ron jones]
117,[u'i highly endorse dr jeffrey bassman as an expert on health tap and healthtap prime his comments and insights are educational for both patients and physicians he is an asset to the healthtap community'  u'dr bassman is an extremely knowledgeable and dedicated dentist excellent answers and advice'  u'very knowledgable  fantastic answers with quick responses\nexcellent  excellent doctor!'  u'excellent responses to questions and very supportive of patients strongly recommended'  u'i highly recommend dr bassman and thank you for your contributions to healthtap'  u'a very knowledgable and compassionate doctor always gives very sound advice']
118,[u'i endorse dr lozada her contributions are very thoughtful and knowledgable lynann mastaj  dmd']
119,[u'helpful  timely  accurate answers  a great addition to healthtap'  u'i highly recommend dr harwood for his expertise and knowledge'  u'he is an extremely gifted surgeon'  u'excellent addition to healthtap'  u'i recommend this physician']
120,[u'i recommend drjaskiel highly his advice and comments in the dentistry section have always come across as precise  concise and very useful i appreciate his commitment and dedication to health tap'  u'dr jaskiell is providing an outstanding service to the public through the education he provides on healthtap i recommend dr jaskiel'  udr jaskiel's informative  easily understandable healthtap answers are a wonderful public service  i highly recommend him  udr jaskiel's answers show his knowledge and art of practicing dentistry i highly recommend him  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'excellent dentist and a welcome addition to healthtap']
121,[u'dr alves provides an excellent public service through healthtap he is clearly knowledgable about many areas in medicine the input he provides is clear and helpful i recommend dr alves'  uhe is an emergency room expert who is knowledgeable in  men's health  blood donation  education  health education we are privileged to have his expertise here on health tap  u'i recommend you as a well know expert in your field\r\ndr jakavick would recommend this dr to all who seek their expertise'  u'dr alves has a vast fund of knowledge that allows for effectively contributing to this online community of health'  u'dr alton seems to be a master of all trades bringing knowledge of a broad variety of subjects to healthtap'  u'dr alves provides thoughtful  helpful  and insightful answers that help all users of this site!']
122,[u'dr spencer is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr spencer is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
123,[u'great doc!!']
124,[u'dr salcedo  is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr salcedo  is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
125,[u'dr wachsman is an excellent  caring internist  his background in pharmacology and research make him an ideal consultant for difficult cases'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'insightful responses that addresses patients concerns clearly great doc!'  u'great answer!']
126,[u'top oral surgeon']
127,[u'dr steely is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr steely is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
128,[u'dr gani is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr gani is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'i am grateful for this doctor this thanksgiving!'  u'i am grateful for this doctor this thanksgiving!'  u'i am grateful for this doctor this thanksgiving!'  u'i heart this doctor!']
129,[u'excellent consultant great informations/advices  in regard to breast cancer surgery and everything around it'  udr hampton's responses to questions are helpful to the patients as well as her colleagues  uanswers patient's questions in a timely manner  very knowledgeable!  u'knowledegeable and caring answers'  u'excellent physician!']
130,[u'dr golden is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr golden is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
131,[u'i highly endorse dr jeffrey bassman as an expert on health tap and healthtap prime his comments and insights are educational for both patients and physicians he is an asset to the healthtap community'  u'dr bassman is an extremely knowledgeable and dedicated dentist excellent answers and advice'  u'very knowledgable  fantastic answers with quick responses\nexcellent  excellent doctor!'  u'excellent responses to questions and very supportive of patients strongly recommended'  u'i highly recommend dr bassman and thank you for your contributions to healthtap'  u'a very knowledgable and compassionate doctor always gives very sound advice']
132,[u'a concise answer  compassion and experience is what you will get when dr krauser answers one of your questions  such a great value to the healthtap community!'  u'dr krauser is very knowledgeable and caring  he is a tremendous asset to the medical community and to healthtap  i highly recommend him'  u'thank you to my good colleague for providng some timely advice for my treatment on a neurology patient'  u'a treasured expert in his field  and very knowledgeable in many others\r\nhighly recommend'  u'i enjoy having dr krauser as a colleague on healthtap  he is an asset to healthtap'  u'knowledegeable and caring answers']
133,[u'dr inwood is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr inwood is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr inwood is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'tks for info  appreciate that you suggested more than one possibility'  u'i am grateful for this doctor this thanksgiving!']
134,[u'thank you  your quick reply made me feel good!'  u'thank you  your answer was very helpful!'  u'your answer made me feel good! thanks :)'  u'this was very helpful thanks!'  u'this was very helpful thanks!'  u'thank you  your answer was very helpful!']
135,[u'i am grateful to drgrin for educating not only myself  but all of us here at healthtap about pain management  and  moreover  i am grateful to him for his openness to the effects of psychotherapy i have encountered many pain practitioners who devalue therapy as being unneeded  and that medication solves everything no so for dr grin  and i am relieved he is more forward thinking & collaborative!'  u'what a great guy  excellent physician  wonderful colleague and all around genius in the area of pain as well in a surprising range of other areas  i learn from him every day and have recommended that my own daughter read his information to help sort out her tmj  he does not hesitate to tackle any question and returns clear explanations of the most complex issues seasoned with true compassion'  u'dr grin is a wonderful colleague and physician he is knowledgeable in multiple areas not only in the scope of pain management his genuine compassion is evident not only in the way he cares for patients  but for the community of physicians here on healthtap as well we are all lucky to have him share his wisdom with us!'  u'i am endorsing dr grin he is providing an excellent service to the public on healthtap the medical information  dr grin provides is accurate & understandable dr grin is clearly very knowledgeable about pain management and medicine in general'  uhave been reading dr grin's responses and have been impressed with his lucid explanations of issues that are difficult to explain to non-medical personnel he is thorough  concise  and provides excellent advice  u'i highly endorse dr paul grin as a healthtap and healthtap prime as an expert his commentaries and clinical insights are astute and educational to both patients and physicians he is an asset to our community']
136,[u'dr gross is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
137,[u'dr collins presents sedate  concise  easy answers that reflect a caring  understanding personality suggesting a high-caliber doc with excellent bedside manner with full explanations  a pleasure to have in our network!'  u'dr collins provides high quality answers to patient questions her answers are thoughtful  to the point  and helpful i recommend her highly'  u'i would recommend doctor lydia collins for her knowledge and her expertise in the field of gynecology'  u'thoughtful  timely answers!  a great contributor to health tap'  u'excellent doctor and an asset to healthtap'  u'recommend for abnormal vaginal bleeding']
138,[u'thank you for bringing your expertise to health tap for both the patients and the doctors to benefit from !!!  i appreciate your advice!'  u'an excellent ent surgeon who provides succinct yet thorough and compassionate answers i would highly recommend dr gergits'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
139,[u'dr zaman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr zaman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
140,[u'dr kass has consistently shown thoughtful and useful advise to patients in his interactions he is an expert in his field i highly recommend him for your health care needs !'  u'i asked him a question as a colleague and he was prompt to reply with advise  it shows he is committed and really cares'  u'i recommend this doctor  very insightful and i learn something new from these answers'  u'excellent doctor with diagnosis  treatment  surgery with excellent bedside manor'  u'dr kass provides excellent information on podiatry to the public via healthtap'  u'intelligent  accurate  kind answers\r\nhighly recommend']
141,[u'dr cordas knows what he is talking about and he is able to gently but firmly get his point across he is a great asset to health tap!']
142,[u'dr joe woods is reliably well informed with superb knowledge base  and able to parse very complex situations into easy understandable directives highly recommended ! ed seegers md  facp'  u'strongly recommended great posts for patients and thorough  attentive answers to practitioners alike knowledgeable  attentive  enthusiastic!'  u'i highly recommend dr woods even other experts learn from his answers'  uanswers patient's questions in a timely manner  very knowledgeable!  u'excellent responses to questions and very supportive of patients'  u'excellent pathologist! great asset to healthtap!']
143,[ui commend dr thaler for his consistently informative  to the point and articulate answers  it's obvious that he practices quality dentistry and cares about the well being of his patients  u'dr thaler among the best prosthodontists i know  i wish he was closer to the area where i practice  i trust dr thaler to get optimum results even with difficult cases'  u'i endorse this dentist dr thaler was an instructor of mine at temple dental school that i often saught out for help and guidance'  u'i endorse this dentist   dr thaler is a very skilled and knowledgeable practicioner  dr john whytosek'  u'i endorse this dentist'  u'i endorse this dentist']
144,[u'dr ibrahim provides pertinent information  and has excellent clinical skills he is also supportive and helpful to new doctors joining the healthtap team so that we can excel further in this platform of serving  and caring for patients'  u'dr ibrahim has extensive knowledge and experience and is able to communicate such in easy to understand terms he is highly ranked nationally in all categories! his responses can be counted on as being on the cutting edge of knowledge'  u'i fully recommend dr ibrahim to anyone needing his help as he has provided wonderful answers and seems to care deeply about his field of pain management  great physician and colleague!'  u'dr ibrahim gives valuable  clear  and understandable answers his experience  knowledge  and concern for patience is obvious a great asset to health tap'  u'i recommend dr ibrahim he is very knowledgable about pain managment and medicine in general he is providing an excellent public service via healthtap'  u'dr ibrahim is a caring physician he consistently provides excellent information to patients on healthtap he is a great asset to this community']
145,[u'dr harper has been admired and recommended for all he is and all he does in the interest of his patients  i must agree all and especially with the most compelling of these accolades  from aaron h  who confirms that dr harper is not only an amazing physician but  also  an amazing father  there is no greater praise and it is obviously well deserved'  umost people spend more time shopping for a new car than they select a physician it's important to find a physician you trust and feel comfortable with dr irving w harper  iii is the only one you need to know he is a human being who cares about people i'm really learning a lot from him highly recommended!  udr harper's crystal clear vision & thinking  brief succinct statements to the point  broad encompassing knowledge  and openhearted passion have driven me to recommend him to anyone needing his personal attention  care  and service go to him; he will and can help  u'dr harper is a very knowledgeable and compassionate doctor who gives practical and sensible advice i enjoy reading his answers highly recommended '  udr harper's tips and answers show he is a caring and dedicated physician health tap is lucky to have his experience and expertise  u'respected specialist in internal medicine gives quick  informative answers highly recommend']
146,[u'i endorse this dentist i have had the privilege and pleasure of knowing dr sandler for close to 20 years my experiences of working with him have been always positive patient feedback is always exceptional and patients expectations have been met and exceeded he is a kind  caring and compassionate man who seeks perfection in his work dr sandler is constantly being educated with the newest knowledge and techniques in his field'  ui have followed dr sandler's comments to patients and practitioners alike for several months his answers to patients are caring  thorough  and obviously fully researched his advice to practioners is spot on--a trusted and erudite member of the dental community it is a privilege to include him in my network of health care providers and resources  u'dr sandler provides excellent advice to patients and peers his advice is consistent with a high standard of care his answers to questions on this site are well thought out and consistent with the kind of care i expect in a true dental professional it is my pleasure to endorse him'  u'dr sandler is that one of a kind of professional that unfortunately is sometimes hard to find  his expertise and professionalism is outstanding and seems to only follow his heart and compassion for patients  i am proud to have met dr sandler and i can not recommend him enough'  ui have been impressed by dr sandler's professionalism  he responds with care and passion and often goes beyond the call of duty in providing useful information in his answers  i consider his patients to be lucky to have him as their dentist i endorse him without reservations  ui know dr sandler from the avvo community and i have experienced his commitment to his patients and dentistry it's rare to find someone who makes an active effort to improve the field and it is from this that i am confident that dr sandler will not disappoint]
147,[u'dr michael kleerekoper is an excellent physician very knowledgeable passionate and on the top of his field both in internal medicine and endocrinology he is a great value to the peolpe of ohio and to the family of health tap'  u'dr kleerekoper s a very knowledgeable and compassionate doctor who gives practical and sensible advice i enjoy reading his answers highly recommended'  u'great insights and great comments i always look forward to reading your answers! i seasons physician with a lot of experience'  u'very accurate and timely responses'  u'highly recommend']
148,[u'dr harper is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr harper is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
149,[u'dr karimi is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr karimi is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
150,[u'i find dr machanic to be a distinguished  caring  compassionate  and dedicated neurologist specializing in such difficult  complex cases i feel lucky to know him thru the healthtap network  as he has helped so many patients i am glad to meet him  and hope to continue our professional dialogue together  and learn from his vast knowledge base excellent advice given!'  u'dr machanic is a phenomenal asset to healthtap his recommendations are spot-on and his years of experience certainly shines through i even find myself learning from his knowledge in the field of neurology thanks for your contribution!'  u'dr machanic represents one of the most accomplished professionals in our network at healthtapcom his answers are extremely valuable for users and professionals equally  and his opinion is regarded with admiration to his excellence'  u'i have the pleasure of knowing dr machanic professionally and personally he is a caring physician  a wellspring of knowledge  and a funny guy! he provides valuable wisdom  information and perspective in the neurology community'  u'dr bennett machanic is a highly trained and expert neurologist who gives very good expert clinical opinions i highly recommend dr machanic to anyone who is seeking a consultation with a neurologist thank you dr machanic'  u'dr machanic provided a thoughtful response to a curbside consult on cidp  his willingness to help out with a clinical question is very much appreciated thank you  dr machanic!']
151,[uexcellent answers and quick responses with very helpful and thoughtful information offered to patient's questions  u'top doctor']
152,[u'thanks for your contribution at health tap'  u'very knowlageble great caring doctor'  u'very accurate and timely answers']
153,[u'dr liao is clearly very knowledgeable in ophthalmology she is providing a valuable service to the public via healthtap i endorse dr liao'  u'dedicated ophthalmologist\r\ngreat answers very intelligent\r\nhighly recommend'  u'wonderfully sensitive dr; her expertise  wisdom and accuracy are outstanding !'  u'very good and timely responses']
154,[u'an overall excellent physician and spine surgeon who posses a special trait in diagnosis and treatment of back pain'  u'excellent and knowledgeable in both general orthopedics and in spine subspecialty'  u'excellent spine surgeon']
155,[u'a compassionate  exceptionally intelligent and knowledgeable physician who thoughtfully engages all his patients in a mutually satisfactory dialogue'  ucertainly eye catching picture ! but beyond that  he'll bend over backwards to do right by you !  u'excellent colleague who gives many great answers on health tap'  u'louisville is lucky to have such a great doc!!'  u'a top doctor an asset to healthtap'  u'very high quality responses']
156,[u'dr king is leader in the field of phlebology   and has contributed significant original research to forward our understanding of the field dr king is knowledgeable   caring dedicated good humored and much more dr king embodies the best attributes of a physician and surgeon'  u'dr king stands amongst the best in the field of phlebology he is a compassionate  trustworthy  dedicated and competent physician'  ualways excellent trustworthy and well written meaningful answers to patient's questions an wonderful physician asset on this site  u'dr king is a most professional   knowledgable and caring physician who deserves great respect\ndr marsha davis'  u'dr king is a well-respected authority on the treatment of chronic venous disease'  u'intelligent  respected expert in phlebology and other areas\r\nhighly recommend']
157,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
158,[u'dr alves provides an excellent public service through healthtap he is clearly knowledgable about many areas in medicine the input he provides is clear and helpful i recommend dr alves'  uhe is an emergency room expert who is knowledgeable in  men's health  blood donation  education  health education we are privileged to have his expertise here on health tap  u'i recommend you as a well know expert in your field\r\ndr jakavick would recommend this dr to all who seek their expertise'  u'dr alves has a vast fund of knowledge that allows for effectively contributing to this online community of health'  u'dr alton seems to be a master of all trades bringing knowledge of a broad variety of subjects to healthtap'  u'dr alves provides thoughtful  helpful  and insightful answers that help all users of this site!']
159,[u'great ent doc!!']
160,[u'dr gabor  has an outstanding knowledge base of both diagnostic radiology and of medicine in general (across the board)  he is providing a valuable service to the public via healthtap i endorse dr gabor'  u'dr michael gabor is an excellent physician  very knowledgeable passionate  and on the top of his field he is a great value to the people of ny  and to the family of health tap'  u'dr gabor is a very knowledgeable and compassionate doctor always enjoy reading his insightful answers highly recommended'  u'understandable answers  educates us all both patients and doctors alike  generous and collaborative recommended to all!'  u'dr gabor has been an excellent consultant and is a great asset to thr healthtap prime physician community'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
161,[u'dr zebro is providing an excellent service to the public through healthtap  she clearly is very knowledgeable  in internal medicine & medicine in general she provides clear  concise & understandable information i endorse dr zebro'  u'dr gebrehana w zebro is a wonderful addition to the health tap community  clearly a knowledgeable  dedicated and approachable physician! i look forward to learning more from dr zebro'  u'knowledgeable  caring and spot on answers great to have you here at the healthtapcom'  u'outstanding resource for patients and doctors alike  great resource'  u'a welcome addition to healthtap with a wealth of knowledge'  u'great doc !']
162,[u'i took my son into see him and it was such a wonderful experience i was so impressed by his questions he spoke directly to me and my son now when my son sees him  he hugs him  i wish he could be my pediatrician as well'  u'dr johnson is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr johnson is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
163,[uday after day  dr fowler answers scads of patient questions tirelessly while managing to handle each one with care and thoughtfulness she's earned the respect and admiration of many docs here as both a colleague and a leader - one who readily cheers us on and one who humanizes us all with the funny and folksy expressions that dot her answers (whoah nelly  indeed!)  hats off to dr fowler!  uwhen a physician has so many colleagues who admire her and her work  it should not be a surprise that she is an outstanding doctor but dr fowler has that something extra that almost seems magical she's a true humanitarian  and i consider it a blessing to have her be part of the healthtap community here's to you dr fowler  for all you are and do for patients and colleagues alike cheers!  ui've had the opportunity to interact with dr fowler for the last several months on the former avvo health website where she was the top doc bar none her answers to psychiatric questions are spot on and serve as an excellent source of information for non-psychiatrists this is complemented by her overall fund of general medical knowledge which she dispenses in a compassionate manner  uwow!  i decided to read the recommendations from other doctors before writing mine  five minutes later i still have not gotten to the bottom of the list  hard to add to all of this but i must say i love reading dr fowler's responses  concise  to the point and done with a sense of compassion and an endearing sense of humor  i highly recommend her and learn a lot from her  u'dr fowler is a conscientious contributor to the community  providing insightful opinions to people in need although many physicians are perhaps skeptical of the services this  and other medical information websites provide  there are a growing number of disenfranchised people out there who need some help  understanding  and kindness dr fowler helps provide all three'  ui only know dr fowler from interacting with her on avvocom  reading her answers  i can't help but sense the deep compassion this fine doctor possesses  she goes out of her way to answer people's questions  and will research topics that are not even in her area of expertise to provide assistance dr fowler comes across as a great doctor and a wonderful human being!]
164,[u'dr turrisi is a world leader in the field of radiation oncology  and has invented the standard of care in the treatment of many disease  most famously small cell lung cancer one of my greatest professional regrets is that i failed to convince him to serve as chairman of our department'  u'a renaissance man and physician loquacious with content and humor and a scholar of lung cancer and medicine in general'  u'detroit is lucky to have such a good doc!'  u'an excellent physicain'  u'excellent physician!']
165,nan
166,[u'dr linville ii is extremely knowledgeable  well trained  an excellent teacher  a role model  and a highly competent spine surgeon thank you dr linville ii for your contribution to the medical community at large'  u'great surgeon  well respected in the community  trustworthy to go see for consultation']
167,[ui have a shoulder impingement i just started pain in my armpit of the same shoulder he was able to detect why i had pain when i put my chin to my chest i didn't mention my impingement he's right  u'he always answers quicklyon nights i was up scared he helped calm mei feel blessed to have a brilliant dr who will reach out and not ask for anything'  uhe answered back quickly even though i didn't get the answer i wanted  he was great help!  ui'm glad he answered my question that was puzzling to me  now i have some peace of mind  u'i am much obliged to dr colantino for his prompt and instructive information'  u'dr colantino is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
168,[u'dr rankin is such a rich source of information about adhd and autism it is clear that this is not only her expertise but also her passion i most strongly recommend dr rankin']
169,[u'dr anderson is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr anderson is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
170,[u'obviously a highly intelligent and concerned clinician she responds with answers that cover both the patients stated questions and also their implied concerns these are accurate  clearly expressed  and demonstrate both a good sense of humor as well as an obvious concern for patient welfare would love to have a family practitioner like her caring for me'  u'i highly endorse dr anne phelan-adams as a skilled  astute  compassionate and informative expert on the healttap expert panel she is an asset to our group of experts'  u'dr anne phelan-adams offers very valuable information in her clear and concise answers i strongly value her advice and presence on healthtap'  u'reliable expert in family medicine with additional expertise in wilderness medicine pleased to recommend'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
171,[u'excellent clinician']
172,[u'dr ocean is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr ocean is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
173,[u'i do recommend dr anyanwu with no reservation  to anyone seeking for a caring  comprehensive care from his specialty because i have been impressed with his pointed answers to inquiry with knowledge  wit  and kindness\r\n\r\nso  see him whenever you may need his service\r\n\r\n(james) chin-ti lin\r\nwwwformefirstcom'  u'dr jovita anyanwu is an excellent diagnostician and a caring physician  this is evident in her clear  concise  and knowledgeable patient responses  her tip tap contributions are also very informative  i am pleased to serve with dr anyanwu as a colleague on healthtap'  u'dr anyanwu has been an excellent addition to the healthtap team her answers show experienced clinical judgment and are clear and to the point i recommend her without reservation d jacobson  md'  u'dr anyanwu has consistently shown thoughtful and useful advise to patients in his interactions he is an expert in his field \r\n\r\ni highly recommend him for your health care needs !'  u'i recommend dr anyanwu i look forward to reading the information she shares on healthtap she provides accurate  clear & compassionate responses i endorse dr anyanwu'  u'patient with all his answers despite questions that may seem trivial and unnecessary knowledgeable and kind in his replies to all questions thank you dr jovita']
174,[u'dr bowman is a national recognized expert in foot and ankle surgery  he is well-known for being informative and having plans of meaningful action for patients  i highly endorse him without reservations'  u'dr bowman is a kind caring physician with advanced training in foot and ankle medicine and surgery  he has years of experience and a practice with an outstanding reputation'  u'knowledgeable doctor - if anyone is in houston  their feet would be in good hands with dr bowmanhighly recommended']
175,[u'dr barone is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr barone is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
176,[u'dr berg provides outstanding responses and recommendations for patients that are concise  pertinent and highly informative too her answers are in depth  helpful  relevant  and provides direction that the patient can go to seek the help they need glad to have her as a top surgeon on the healthtap team excellent role model too'  u'i highly recommend dr berg for her knowledge wealth  caring attitude  promptness  and just being a great doc! i would never hesitate to entrust her the care for myself and my family'  u'dr tracy a  berg is an excellent physician  very knowledgeable passionate and on the top of her field she is a great value to the people of wa  and to the family of health tap'  u'drberg gives excellent answers to the virtual patientsconcise accurate and to the pointshe is an asset to health tap and i am sure also to her patients'  u'great presence on healthtap her scores and stats speak for themselves highly recommended for her insightful and timely answers'  u'great posts that are always informative to patients and doctors on healthtap']
177,[u'excellent emergency doctor']
178,[u'dr decambre is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr decambre is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
179,[u'very helpful!']
180,[ui commend dr thaler for his consistently informative  to the point and articulate answers  it's obvious that he practices quality dentistry and cares about the well being of his patients  u'dr thaler among the best prosthodontists i know  i wish he was closer to the area where i practice  i trust dr thaler to get optimum results even with difficult cases'  u'i endorse this dentist dr thaler was an instructor of mine at temple dental school that i often saught out for help and guidance'  u'i endorse this dentist   dr thaler is a very skilled and knowledgeable practicioner  dr john whytosek'  u'i endorse this dentist'  u'i endorse this dentist']
181,[u'dr ginsberg is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr ginsberg is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
182,[udr malerman is an invaluable resource for his thorough  sound advice  he has mastered the art of dispensing a large amount of wisdom in 400 words  as he says medical docs don't know much about matters in front of the tonsils  and i learn so much from his posts!  he also is not shy about reinforcing the wisdom of his peers in both the medical and dental profession  u'dr malerman is not only an expert in his field but knows a lot about everything!  he is a welcomed asset to healthtap and a great patient advocate  highly recommended'  u'dr malerman has consistently shown thoughtful and useful advise to patients in his interactions  i highly recommend him for your orthodontic needs !'  udr malerman provides informative  to-the-point responses on healthtap  he's clearly a knowledgeable and caring orthodontist  u'dr  malerman has a vast fund of knowledge that allows for effectively contributing to this online community of health'  u'dr malerman answers truthfully  understandably and is a fountain of vast dental knowledge i doff my hat to him']
183,[uhi doc:\r\ngood advice!!\r\ni've added your to my network and recommended you\r\ni would appreciate a return of the favor\r\ni'm on omfs in sacramento  ca\r\nspecial interest tmj disorders\r\nthanks\r\nlouis gallia md  dmd  facs  u'i highly endorse and recommend dr hettinger as an outstanding expert in the healthtap prime community his expertise in podiatry is most certainly appreciated and educational'  u'knowledgeable expert in podiatry gives clear  accurate answers highly recommend'  u'i recommend this physician!']
184,[u'dr lee is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
185,[u'i have been impressed with dr minich pointed answers with knowledge  depth  wit  and kindness so  i highly recommend her to anyone looking for care / service from her specialty without reservation \r\n\r\n(james) chin-ti lin  md'  u'dr minich is a dedicated doctor  who has been actively answering complex medical questions with compassion  and insight she provides practical and solutions  and recommendations for patients great healthteam expert'  u'i highly endorse dr diane mimich as an expert in her field and as an asset to the healthtap community of experts she is knowledgeable  insightful and empathetic i think that she is an asset  to our physician panel'  u'i have learned a great deal from dr minich here on healthtap and have learned a great deal from her thoughtful  expert  and helpful answers to her patients i look forward to learning more from her!'  u'i recommend dr minich she is providing a valuable service to the public via healthtap she provides sensible  accurate and respectful input i endorse dr minich'  u'dr minich is an extremely knowledgeable physician who obviously care greatly for her patients and their health she is a terrific asset to the healthtap community!']
186,[u'highly recommend']
187,[u'receptionists and nurses were quite pleasant and helpful  the wait in the examination room and waiting room was less than 15 minutes  it did not appear to me that there was any double booking which is both common and frustrating\n\ndr kaufman did not appear to be rushed or harried  he listened to my issues with a compassionate and caring manner  he never interrupted  or cut me short  i am happy to say that i was out of pain within 24 hours\nhe suggested various treatment options and we discussed which option was best for me  compliance is an issue to recovery so the plan has to be one that can be adhered to  dr kaufman made sure that i understood each option thoroughly before we decided which course of action was best for me\ni highly recommend dr kaufman and his staff'  uit is my deepest honor to write a review for dr jarrod kaufman  i am now cancer free and dr kaufman was an integral part of this  as he performed my colon resection when i was diagnosed with 3rd stage colon cancer almost 4 years ago at the age of 43  dr kaufman's compassion  incredible instincts  and top notch surgical skills are a huge part of the reason i am here today!  i am forever grateful to him  u'as a medical professional who trains surgeons in the proper use of medical devices  i would highly reccomend dr kaufman for not only his friendly and calming personality but more important for his high level of understanding of technical devices and his vast surgical and anatomical abilities he is one of the best surgeons i have had the pleasure to observe in the or'  u'dr jarrod kaufman is a true professional  he took the time to explain all aspects of my cancer surgery  he performed an amazing job and i owe my life to him  his post surgery follow-up was very complete and his office staff was very efficient and professional  i would recommend him without reservation'  u'i have known dr kaufman for 8 years and he has a brilliant ability to combine professionalism  passion for his profession  and business talent his prestigious reputation throughout the country has placed him at the highest level in medicine'  u'dr kaufman and his staff went above and beyond to address my varicose vein problem my three procedures went extremely smooth and my recovery has been excellent']
188,[u'thank you  dr coats  with pt  chiropractic  mri  and a unsuccessful steroid shot  you have answered my question better than any of the med profession'  u'dr coats ii is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr coats ii is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
189,[u'dr nicolasora is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr nicolasora is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
190,[u'dr harper has been admired and recommended for all he is and all he does in the interest of his patients  i must agree all and especially with the most compelling of these accolades  from aaron h  who confirms that dr harper is not only an amazing physician but  also  an amazing father  there is no greater praise and it is obviously well deserved'  umost people spend more time shopping for a new car than they select a physician it's important to find a physician you trust and feel comfortable with dr irving w harper  iii is the only one you need to know he is a human being who cares about people i'm really learning a lot from him highly recommended!  udr harper's crystal clear vision & thinking  brief succinct statements to the point  broad encompassing knowledge  and openhearted passion have driven me to recommend him to anyone needing his personal attention  care  and service go to him; he will and can help  u'dr harper is a very knowledgeable and compassionate doctor who gives practical and sensible advice i enjoy reading his answers highly recommended '  udr harper's tips and answers show he is a caring and dedicated physician health tap is lucky to have his experience and expertise  u'respected specialist in internal medicine gives quick  informative answers highly recommend']
191,[u'dr achong has given great  practical  and caring answers to all the questions i have seen him answer  i would have no difficulty referring patients into his care'  u'dr achong is extremely knowledgeable  dedicated  informative and articulate with his spot on answers  his patients are lucky to have him as their doctor!'  ui am impressed with dr achong's depth of knowledge and commitment to dentistry i recommend dr achong to anyone in need of oral surgery services  u'dr achong is a cogent thinker who takes time to submit compehensive answers which is reflective of his desire for providing outstanding care'  u'informative  thoughtful answers dr achong has consistently provided excellent information for both patients and other practitioners'  u'i recommend you as a well know expert in your field\r\ndr jakavick would recommend this dr to all who seek their expertise']
192,[uenjoyed dr hastriter's answers nice job!]
193,[u'when asked about acute pancreatic attack  after 8 moths he advised not a good idea to drink alcohol if it caused it good advice and better than saying drink and in away that feels like punishment thx'  u'dr den replied very quickly-i appreciate that so much-even had a chart that i was able to view'  u'have seen a reumtologist buy they have no answers for me what could be wrong???'  u'dr den is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr den is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr den is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
194,[u'dr john feola is a highly trained clinical expert in internal medicine he is a graduate of georgetown university school of medicine  and he runs a concierge medical practice in falls church  virginia where you can also see him in person i highly recommend dr feola to all patients  especially those in the virginia/washington dc/maryland area where you can follow up in person thank you'  u'i have learned  and continue to learn a great deal from dr feola highly expert in his field  and is very good at meeting patients comfortably where they are he collaborates well with colleagues! a great asset to healthtap!'  u'dr feola shows broad interest and expertise in being able to make helpful comment on a wide range of issues he is a very helpful and resourceful colleague to have in anyones networki am privileged to have him in mine'  u'i learn so much from dr feola\'s posts  he is so generous with his time and knowledge!  in addition  he is a boon companion to all his peers on healthtap  in the true spirit of chivalry of times past'  u'dr john feola is an excellent physician  very knowledgeable passionate  and on the top of his field he is a great value to the people of va  and to the family of health tap'  u'dr feola is very reliable physician who consistently gives accurate and reliable advice']
195,[u'a respected expert in obgyn gives great answers on health tap very helpful highly recommend']
196,[u'dr hoffman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr hoffman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
197,[u'dr charles gordon is great very knowledgeable  strong sense of humor  and a really awesome personality highly recommended! \r\ndr paul grin']
198,[u'being trained  licensed  & board certified both medically (both otolaryngology and facial plastic & reconstructive surgery) and dentally (oral & maxillofacial surgery) drgallia is in possession of an incredibly impressive breadth of training  knowledge  and experience in his field  his answers to questions are clear  precise  & very helpful &it is my pleasure to recommend him very highly indeed'  u'although i live far from dr lou  i have had the chance to see his recommendations  his accolades and his patient satisfaction i highly recommend dr lou for his experience  recognition nationally and his devotion to his community of patients'  u'great doctor he gets right to the point  addresses the issue in a straightforward manner and tells you who to follow up with what more could you want glad to have him here on healthtapcom impressed with his tmj expertise'  u'i have known dr gallia to be extremely knowledgable as an oral surgeon and have been very pleased with the way he has teated my patients  i have no hesitation in recommending him'  u'dr gallia is an expert in his field and i highly recommend searching him out for answers relating to ent  maxillofacial  tmj  and other related areas of interest!'  u'not your basic or all surgeon  best of the best! very experience oral surgeon many additional specialties definitely in good hands and highly recommended!']
199,[u'great informative posts for patients and an asset to healthtap']
200,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'insightful responses that addresses patients concerns clearly great doc!'  u'thank you so much for your sevice!  keep up the great job!'  u'dr rosenblatt is a top doctor and an asset to healthtap'  u'excellent dentist  who i would recommend highly']
201,[u'dr  callaghan is an excellent addition to healthtap she has many years of experience and her answers show that she is empathic and cares about people her years as a physician educator are evident i highly recommend her'  u'dr callaghan is a very knowledgeable and compassionate doctor who gives practical and sensible advice i enjoy reading her answers highly recommended'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
202,[u'i endorse this dentist i have had the privilege and pleasure of knowing dr sandler for close to 20 years my experiences of working with him have been always positive patient feedback is always exceptional and patients expectations have been met and exceeded he is a kind  caring and compassionate man who seeks perfection in his work dr sandler is constantly being educated with the newest knowledge and techniques in his field'  ui have followed dr sandler's comments to patients and practitioners alike for several months his answers to patients are caring  thorough  and obviously fully researched his advice to practioners is spot on--a trusted and erudite member of the dental community it is a privilege to include him in my network of health care providers and resources  u'dr sandler provides excellent advice to patients and peers his advice is consistent with a high standard of care his answers to questions on this site are well thought out and consistent with the kind of care i expect in a true dental professional it is my pleasure to endorse him'  u'dr sandler is that one of a kind of professional that unfortunately is sometimes hard to find  his expertise and professionalism is outstanding and seems to only follow his heart and compassion for patients  i am proud to have met dr sandler and i can not recommend him enough'  ui have been impressed by dr sandler's professionalism  he responds with care and passion and often goes beyond the call of duty in providing useful information in his answers  i consider his patients to be lucky to have him as their dentist i endorse him without reservations  ui know dr sandler from the avvo community and i have experienced his commitment to his patients and dentistry it's rare to find someone who makes an active effort to improve the field and it is from this that i am confident that dr sandler will not disappoint]
203,[u'being trained  licensed  & board certified both medically (both otolaryngology and facial plastic & reconstructive surgery) and dentally (oral & maxillofacial surgery) drgallia is in possession of an incredibly impressive breadth of training  knowledge  and experience in his field  his answers to questions are clear  precise  & very helpful &it is my pleasure to recommend him very highly indeed'  u'although i live far from dr lou  i have had the chance to see his recommendations  his accolades and his patient satisfaction i highly recommend dr lou for his experience  recognition nationally and his devotion to his community of patients'  u'great doctor he gets right to the point  addresses the issue in a straightforward manner and tells you who to follow up with what more could you want glad to have him here on healthtapcom impressed with his tmj expertise'  u'i have known dr gallia to be extremely knowledgable as an oral surgeon and have been very pleased with the way he has teated my patients  i have no hesitation in recommending him'  u'dr gallia is an expert in his field and i highly recommend searching him out for answers relating to ent  maxillofacial  tmj  and other related areas of interest!'  u'not your basic or all surgeon  best of the best! very experience oral surgeon many additional specialties definitely in good hands and highly recommended!']
204,[u'dr tanya russo combines a deep understanding of the practice/philosophies of medicine with the ability to communicate her knowledge in language that is easy to understand  her answers are clear  thorough  and demonstrate kindness and compassion  she is a fine example of a healthtap physician'  udr tanya russo always provides excellent  relevant medical advice to her challenging cases as a healthtap prime doctor she's caring & compassionate toward her patients  and is highly regarded by all she is a welcomed addition to the healthap team  u'dr russo not only displays excellent knowledge of childhood disorders but  also a much broader knowledge of medicine in general  her manner is gentle but straight-forward  i would not hesitate to refer a patient to or consult with dr russo'  u'excellent knowledge base and communication skills highly respected expert in pediatrics and an impressive number of other medical fields i would take my own children to her without hesitation i recommend her very highly'  udr russo is an excellent clinician who i've had the chance to work directly with her attention to detail and well thought out plans make her a great asset to anyone's network she's also just a great all around person  u'dr russo is an excellent physician she provides great answers and tremendous care to her patients i learn from her and enjoy reading her answers to questions i recommend her highly!!']
205,[u'dr farivar is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr farivar is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
206,[u'dr accurso provides a wonderful resource to patients & other doctors with his informational & caring accurate answers and personal style i trust him'  u'dr accurso is doing a fabulous job help not only the patients but fellow doctors!  i am so grateful for you!'  u'as a fellow radiologist i appreciate (and learn from) the excellent posts by dr accurso'  u'timely accurate answers  very happy he is answering questions on healthtap'  u'i enjoy learning from dr accurso---a welcome addition to healthtap']
207,[u'great responses recommend highly']
208,[u'dr lessnau is a kind  compassionate and knowledgeable doctor  and i would have no reservations recommending him to friends and family!'  u'thanks for your valuable contributionsthanks for your valuable contributions'  u'a truly wonderful  compassionate and knowledgable doctor'  u'accurate and helpful answers'  u'highly recommend'  u'wow impressive!']
209,[u'dr ali is extremely knowledgeable  his answers always provide a wealth of resources and accurate information his expertise in medicine and psychiatry together with his compassionate clinical excellence  give the best standard of ethics and care to health tap i highly recommend dr ali'  udr ali is always ready to jump in and help patients on healthtap! he's highly knowledgeable and shares his expertise generously i imagine his own patients consider him kind and approachable  and that they feel lucky to have him in their corner  udr ali is easily one of the most ubiquitous presences on healthtap -- sharing his huge breadth of knowledge  wisdom  and wit  i've learned a great deal from him  and am grateful for his presence here  thanks  dr ali!  u'i always see dr ali online giving expert advice on fear of heights  bipolar disorder  panic attacks  borderline personality disorder  adderall he also reviews apps and is a major contributer to the health tap community'  u'i recommend dr ali for his dedication to healthtap  his clinical judgment  his fund of knowledge and his empathic interaction with those asking questions he is an excellent clinician who responses can be trusted'  u'dr ali gives superb advice in so many different areas apart from his excellent answers to just about all branches of psychiatry i have personally learned much from and am very thankful to him']
210,[u'dr jon fishburn is a compassionate devoted ophthamologist who give sound advice and is well respected in his field i highly recommend dr jonas a colleague and as a friend'  u'a very knowledgeable physician  i highly recommend dr jon fishburn!'  u'great answers very helpful! thank you!'  u'quite knowledgable  well informed '  u'solid  prompt and accurate answers'  u'concise  informative answers']
211,[u'dr anderson is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr anderson is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'thank you very much you gave me some great info i appreciate your time']
212,[u'i endorse this doctori have found dominic to be knowledgeable  reliable  patient centered and an all around good physician i refer to him without reservation'  u'i endorse this doctor excellent breath of knowledge and superb information provided through avvocom'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
213,[u'dr goldman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr goldman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
214,[u'a radiologist who understands patients and physicians a wealth of knowledge  properly used my radiology sensei!'  u'outstanding radiologist!'  u'outstanding radiologist!'  u'excellent radiologist']
215,nan
216,[u'dr cohen is a phenomenal doctor!  i heartily recommend him  he is extremely experienced  intelligent and has a vast command of medical knowledge'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'i recommend this physician']
217,[u'dr schwaitzberg is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr schwaitzberg is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
218,[u'dr macaron is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr macaron is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
219,[u'dr amawi is providing an excellent service to the public on health tap he shares his vast knowledge of psychiatry in a way that is easy to understand  i r ecommend dr amawi'  u'dr bassam amawi is an excellent physician  very knowledgeable passionate  and on the top of his field he is a great value to the people of fl  and to the family of health tap'  u'dr amawi is a skilled  knowledgeable  and caring physician; he is accessible and generous with his expertise here on healthtap'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'competent  caring and experienced dr amawi is a great physician'  u'knowledgeable  caring answers  thank you']
220,[u'dr mes is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr mes is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
221,[u'dr nefcy is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr nefcy is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
222,[u'dr anissian is an excellent provider on healthtap she consistently give caring and useful information and education to patients i recommend her highly'  udr annissian's knowledge and insightful answers are extremely helpful to both patients' and colleagueshighly recommend   u'great doc!!']
223,[u'i endorse this doctor i have known dr ridgway for years  and have seen many times the thoughtful  planned and skilled manner with which he treats patients and interacts with other healthcare professionals'  u'i endorse dr ridgway dr ridgway provides an outstanding service to the public through his thoughtful and knowledgable response on avvocom  he provides exceptional medical information and guidance'  u'i endorse this doctor dr ridgway is a highly accomplished facial plastic surgeon he is also a dedicated educator of plastic surgeons in training'  u'i highly recommend dr ridgway  his articulate and informative anwers are extremely helpful  he is obviously at the top of his field!'  u'i endorse this doctor he has excellent clinical skills']
224,[udr burns offers consistently helpful information in his responses he's very knowledgeable and i highly recommend him he is an excellent addition to healthtap  u'i recommend dr burnsvery caring which is especially great in an emergency department setting'  u'i recommend dr james burns highly  very knowledgeable']
225,[u'dr meyer is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr meyer is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
226,[udr david possesses the qualities of both a cutting-edge physician and a compassionate human being with personal interests that invite professional and personal growth  ob gyn  plants  engineering  cooking  what's not to love?  u'i highly endorse dr mary s david as an expert on both healthtap and healthtap prime her comment are succinct  astute and valuable to patients and physicians alike she is an asset to the healthtap community'  u'well educated and well rounded with a boatload of expertise and a force to be reckoned with here on healthtap collaborates well with colleagues and approachable to all!'  u'dr david is a caring and thoughtful physician the answers she gives on healthtap are excellent and provide great patient education i recommend her highly'  u'dr david is thoughtful  caring and knowledgeable! she provides great value in her service'  u'knowledgeable specialist in ob / gyn gives helpful expert advice highly recommend']
227,[u'dr rao has a deep knowledge of an impressive array of medical topics he cuts straight to the heart of the matter and explains difficult topics in a manner that is very easy to understand the mississippi delta is very privileged to enjoy his service'  u'i highly recommend dr rao he is an outstanding physician  his expertise in medicine matches his compassion and care for patients an unique resource to both patients and doctors on health tap! \r\nthank you  you are great  dr rao!'  u'i am consistently impressed with the content and quality of the information that dr rao provides on health tap  he provides a real service to the public i recommend dr rao'  u'i recommend you as a well know expert in your field\r\ndr jakavick would recommend this dr to all who seek their expertise'  u'very informative answers   always quick to respond to patients   definitely a great doctor!'  u'dr rao provides great advice on healthtap he is on my referral network']
228,[uexcellent answers and quick responses with very helpful and thoughtful information offered to patient's questions  u'top doctor']
229,[uhi doc:\r\ngood advice!!\r\ni've added your to my network and recommended you\r\ni would appreciate a return of the favor\r\ni'm on omfs in sacramento  ca\r\nspecial interest tmj disorders\r\nthanks\r\nlouis gallia md  dmd  facs  u'i highly endorse and recommend dr hettinger as an outstanding expert in the healthtap prime community his expertise in podiatry is most certainly appreciated and educational'  u'knowledgeable expert in podiatry gives clear  accurate answers highly recommend'  u'i recommend this physician!']
230,[u'dr goren is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr goren is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
231,[u'dr  cox has a wonderful skill set and vast clinical experience  she has obviously helped many and facilitated health and peace of mind for lots of families  not only that--she speaks french!  tres bian!'  u'dr katharine s cox is an excellent physician very knowledgeable passionate and on the top of her field she is a great value to the peolpe of tn and to the family of health tap'  u'highly experienced and respected expert in pediatrics and pediatric emergency medicine great answers to questions highly recommend'  u'superb physician  simple and yet very informative answers to patient questions  answers tend to be calming and reassuring'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'dr cox offers succinct  actionable and compassionate advice']
232,[u'excellent responses to complex issues  has an excellent command of language necessary to convey complex information to non-physicians'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'outstanding  caring  thorough  very knowledgeable contributor!'  u'excellent knowledge of pharmacology']
233,[u'i fully recommend dr syed jaffery to anyone needing his help as he has provided wonderful answers and seems to care deeply about his field of medicine  great physician and colleague!']
234,[ui highly recommend dr killian for his dedication and excellent and straightforward responses on healthtap he is clearly very knowledgeable in the area of human sexuality and sexually transmitted diseases as well as in men's health and excellent addition to the healthtap team  ui see dr k on line often giving expert and knowledgeable advice from a variety of topics including : human immunodeficiency virus  sexually transmitted infections  aids  gay  lesbian and transgender health  men's health he is a major contributer to the health tap community  udr killian has a vast amount of knowledge and a great ability to separate the wheat from the chaff in answering questions with clarity and wit i appreciate learning from him as much as i'm sure the readers do  too  u'dr killian is informative  clear  compassionate and interesting i look forward to seeing his replies and comments i always learn things that are helpful and often thought provoking a great resource!'  u'dr killian is very knowledgeable and his answers are a great resource to patients here on health tap  i find myself learning a lot from reading his entries'  u'outstanding and to the point answers and advice obviously a very knowledgeable  caring and dedicated doctor']
235,[ubest pediatrician! a genuine caring professional i'm a mom of triplets & dr alexander for the past 8 years always has the answer  makes my worries go away i highly recommend this pediatrician]
236,[u'i enjoy reading her posts as they always educational but also very supportive to patients'  u'her opinions are accurate and timely very helpful'  u'very talented physician']
237,[u'i consistently learn from the information that dr namey provides on health  tap he is clearly very knowledgable in rheumatology and medicine in general i think that he would be the doctor i would want to see if i developed rheumatologic problems i recommend dr namey'  u'a concise answer  compassion and experience is what you will get when dr namey answers one of your questions  such a great value to the healthtap community!'  u'dr namey provides thoughtful  on-target answers in an impressive array of areas  i always look forward to reading his responses!'  u'thoughtful and well phrased intelligent responses to complex issues makes dr namey a valuable resource'  u'i highly recommend doctor thomas namey for expertise in the field of rheumatology'  uanswers patient's questions in a timely manner  very knowledgeable!]
238,[u'excellent responses to complex issues  has an excellent command of language necessary to convey complex information to non-physicians'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'outstanding  caring  thorough  very knowledgeable contributor!'  u'excellent knowledge of pharmacology']
239,[u'good and timely responses'  u'recommend']
240,[ui learn from and enjoy reading dr khanna's answers to challenging questions  a real asset to healthtap and the public!  u'i recommend dr khanna as a leading doctor in family medicine because of her knowledge and commitment to her calling --'  u'very informative answers   always quick to respond to patients   definitely a great doctor!'  uanswers patient's questions in a timely manner  very knowledgeable!  u'if you are in need of a dedicated doctor   look no further'  u'i highly recommend dr yash  khanna   great  biography']
241,[u'thank you for your time and providing important help to patients']
242,[u'thank you for bringing your expertise to health tap for both the patients and the doctors to benefit from !!!  i appreciate your advice!'  u'an excellent ent surgeon who provides succinct yet thorough and compassionate answers i would highly recommend dr gergits'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
243,[u'we are fortunate to have dr wint here on health tap i know him for many years and he is knowledgeable on hand and nerve surgery he is a major contributor to the health tap website'  u'dr wint in an exceptional hand surgeon and highly recommended'  u'dr wint has wide ranging knowledge and a wealth of experience'  u'dr wint is a highly knowledgable & capable hand surgeon'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
244,[ui have a shoulder impingement i just started pain in my armpit of the same shoulder he was able to detect why i had pain when i put my chin to my chest i didn't mention my impingement he's right  u'he always answers quicklyon nights i was up scared he helped calm mei feel blessed to have a brilliant dr who will reach out and not ask for anything'  uhe answered back quickly even though i didn't get the answer i wanted  he was great help!  ui'm glad he answered my question that was puzzling to me  now i have some peace of mind  u'i am much obliged to dr colantino for his prompt and instructive information'  u'dr colantino is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
245,[udr koch is a caring doctor who offers his patients his all he's knowledgeable and experienced but  most of all  his spirit of service lives through his work i have met him personally and would recommend him as a trusted colleague  u'knowledgeable and caring  family man and doctor i am comfortable sending patients that need a high caliber heart specialist'  ui appreciate dr koch's concise answers to complicated questions  he's a great doctor we're lucky to have on healthtap!  u'very knowledgeable and helpfel this answers!  a value to his patients and this organization !'  u'i recommend this doctor  very insightful and i learn something new from these answers'  u'dr koch is an outstanding cardiologist and very engaged in the healthtap community']
246,[u'i highly recommend dr ho although she specializes in hematology and oncology - it is clear that her expertise extends well beyond that she provides accurate  informative and easy to understand information she is a real asset to healthtap'  u'compassionate  on-target answers from a very wise physician  dr ho is a wonderful part of the healthtap community  and provides excellent public service'  u'dr ho gives concise  pertinent information  and shares her vast knowledge and expertise over a wide variety of areas in medicine excellent work!'  u'dr ho has a vast fund of knowledge that allows for effectively contributing to this online community of health'  u'i recommend this doctor  very insightful and i learn something new from these answers'  udr liawaty ho consistently provides knowledgeable and caring answers she's great!]
247,[u'dr gabor  has an outstanding knowledge base of both diagnostic radiology and of medicine in general (across the board)  he is providing a valuable service to the public via healthtap i endorse dr gabor'  u'dr michael gabor is an excellent physician  very knowledgeable passionate  and on the top of his field he is a great value to the people of ny  and to the family of health tap'  u'dr gabor is a very knowledgeable and compassionate doctor always enjoy reading his insightful answers highly recommended'  u'understandable answers  educates us all both patients and doctors alike  generous and collaborative recommended to all!'  u'dr gabor has been an excellent consultant and is a great asset to thr healthtap prime physician community'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
248,[u'thank you!']
249,[u'dr manning is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr manning is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
250,[ui am impressed with dr okamoto's vast knowledge of the various martial arts and the answers he gives multiple patients concerning the same  he also has a great fund of knowledge that sets family practitioners apart as they treat the entire spectrum of human disease  u'dr okamoto has a broad range of knowledge and is able to translate that into specific  helpful advice to patients highly recommended'  u'very accurate and timely responses'  u'great answers! thank you!']
251,[u'dr oscar novick is an excellent pediatrician who demonstrates a wide-breadth of knowledge across medical specialties his responses are concise  practical  and insightful and i look forward to reading them additionally he is kind and caring as reflected in his answers i am happy to have dr novick as my colleague on healthtap!'  ui like & admire dr novick 's vastness of passion & compassion  wealth in his specialty knowledge  and keen instinct to conjecture useful solutions beyond available facts so  i recommend him without reservation to anyone in need for his specialty care and service \r\n\r\n(james) chin-ti lin  md  u'dr novick is clearly has an outstanding knowledge of pediatrics he is providing an excellent service to the public via healhtap the information he provides is understandable  accurate & compassionate i endorse dr novick'  u'excellent well thought out answers an excellent resource for patients and an asset to healthtap anybody who takes their personal time  to answer patient questions and does so without anything in return is fine by me'  u'i am always amazed at his breadth of knowledge in pediatrics- it is obvious from his answers and online presence  he is an expert in pediatrics and a value to the health tap community'  u'dr novick has my highest recommendation he is a well respected pediatrician in his community and it is great to see  expertise and insights shared on health tap']
252,nan
253,[u'dr guzik has consistently shown thoughtful and useful advise to patients in his interactions he is an expert in his field i highly recommend him for your health care needs !']
254,[u'dr sturla is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr sturla is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'wonderful doctor']
255,[u'great dentist!!']
256,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'great doctor to follow extremely accurate answers very knowledgable'  u'very detail oriented excellent and thoughtful answers'  u'very knowledgeable with  excellent answers and advice']
257,[u'i highly recommend dr ho although she specializes in hematology and oncology - it is clear that her expertise extends well beyond that she provides accurate  informative and easy to understand information she is a real asset to healthtap'  u'compassionate  on-target answers from a very wise physician  dr ho is a wonderful part of the healthtap community  and provides excellent public service'  u'dr ho gives concise  pertinent information  and shares her vast knowledge and expertise over a wide variety of areas in medicine excellent work!'  u'dr ho has a vast fund of knowledge that allows for effectively contributing to this online community of health'  u'i recommend this doctor  very insightful and i learn something new from these answers'  udr liawaty ho consistently provides knowledgeable and caring answers she's great!]
258,[u'your dedication and commitment to providing quality health consultation on healthtap is greatly admired and a true benefit to your patients keep up the good work'  u'dr askew is very informative in her answers on healthtap  thorough and accurate as well  highly recommend'  u'dr askew provides thoughtful and intelligent answers i enjoy reading her answers and learn from them'  u'dr askew provides thoughtful  compassionate advise and is a great resource for patients on health tap'  u'excellent answers to questions  concise and accurate  highly recommend']
259,[u'dr degruccio is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr degruccio is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'very thorough answer!']
260,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'solid answers!']
261,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
262,[u'dr dhingra is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr dhingra is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
263,[u'dr bowman is a national recognized expert in foot and ankle surgery  he is well-known for being informative and having plans of meaningful action for patients  i highly endorse him without reservations'  u'dr bowman is a kind caring physician with advanced training in foot and ankle medicine and surgery  he has years of experience and a practice with an outstanding reputation'  u'knowledgeable doctor - if anyone is in houston  their feet would be in good hands with dr bowmanhighly recommended']
264,[u'i endorse dr fisher dr fisher clearly has a vast knowledge of the field of dermatology the information he provides on healthtap is understandable & accurate he is providing a valuable service to the public']
265,[u'excellent healthtap physician with educated  thoughtful  precise and in-depth answers  great bedside manner  highly recommend'  u'dr lawson is a very knowledgeable and compassionate doctor always enjoy reading her insightful answers highly recommended'  u'very expert responses']
266,[u'dr shiloh is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr shiloh is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
267,[u'very intelligent  kind answers\r\nhighly recommend']
268,[u'dr amawi is providing an excellent service to the public on health tap he shares his vast knowledge of psychiatry in a way that is easy to understand  i r ecommend dr amawi'  u'dr bassam amawi is an excellent physician  very knowledgeable passionate  and on the top of his field he is a great value to the people of fl  and to the family of health tap'  u'dr amawi is a skilled  knowledgeable  and caring physician; he is accessible and generous with his expertise here on healthtap'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'competent  caring and experienced dr amawi is a great physician'  u'knowledgeable  caring answers  thank you']
269,[u'i would  like to welcome dr  bradley to avvocom he is providing a valuable public service through his insightful responses on avvocom'  u'dr bradley has provided insightful  compassionate and well thought out answers on avvo  he is a welcome addition to the avvo community'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'i enjoy your comments useful and practical']
270,[udr buechel is a caring  talented  and pioneering orthopedic surgeon he is well respected in the community both professionally and socially i couldn't give a higher recommendation to anyone needing a honest opinion or a any orthopedic procedure  u'dr buechel enjoys helping his patients and supporting other doctors on healthtap-dave'  u'great answer! very helpful!']
271,[ui highly recommend dr killian for his dedication and excellent and straightforward responses on healthtap he is clearly very knowledgeable in the area of human sexuality and sexually transmitted diseases as well as in men's health and excellent addition to the healthtap team  ui see dr k on line often giving expert and knowledgeable advice from a variety of topics including : human immunodeficiency virus  sexually transmitted infections  aids  gay  lesbian and transgender health  men's health he is a major contributer to the health tap community  udr killian has a vast amount of knowledge and a great ability to separate the wheat from the chaff in answering questions with clarity and wit i appreciate learning from him as much as i'm sure the readers do  too  u'dr killian is informative  clear  compassionate and interesting i look forward to seeing his replies and comments i always learn things that are helpful and often thought provoking a great resource!'  u'dr killian is very knowledgeable and his answers are a great resource to patients here on health tap  i find myself learning a lot from reading his entries'  u'outstanding and to the point answers and advice obviously a very knowledgeable  caring and dedicated doctor']
272,[u'i endorse dr fisher dr fisher clearly has a vast knowledge of the field of dermatology the information he provides on healthtap is understandable & accurate he is providing a valuable service to the public']
273,[u'i have known dr milstone for many years we have several common patients  he is a brilliant compassionate doctor with the highest talent and integrity'  u'ery accurate & helpful impressive'  u'i recommend this physician']
274,[u'with an abundance of experience  keen insight  razor sharp mind and unquestionable compassion   dr zimon contributes a wealth of information to enhance the knowledge of patients and doctors  he shares the perspective of one who has seen the science of medicine completely change over the years and the foresight of one who can take these years of science and predict what is coming'  u'dr zimon clearly know his stuff and shares openly with both colleagues and patients alike we are fortunate to have him here on healthtap!'  u'i endorse dr zimon  with a keen knowledge of internal medicine  he is providing an excellent service to the public via healthtap'  u'great answers from a clinician with a wealth of experience and expressed with an unmistakable passion for his patients welfare'  u'offers insightful advice and knowledge from one who is well founded and experienced in medicine'  u'experience  knowledge and keen insight']
275,[u'dr daoud is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr daoud is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
276,[u'i endorse this doctortal is a great clinician and an excellent surgeon he has a significant clinical experience treating a variety of ent disease \nhe has great clinical results']
277,[u'would recommend him to my patients'  u'ent specialist']
278,[u'dr michael kleerekoper is an excellent physician very knowledgeable passionate and on the top of his field both in internal medicine and endocrinology he is a great value to the peolpe of ohio and to the family of health tap'  u'dr kleerekoper s a very knowledgeable and compassionate doctor who gives practical and sensible advice i enjoy reading his answers highly recommended'  u'great insights and great comments i always look forward to reading your answers! i seasons physician with a lot of experience'  u'very accurate and timely responses'  u'highly recommend']
279,[u'i truly appreciate the work you guys do! thank you for being part of this community!  keep up the good work!'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'very timely and accurate responses']
280,[u'the words wildly talented clearly apply to dr rao i find him to be world class in his work and highly personable with great bedside manner i recommend him vigorously to both colleagues and patients alike on healthtap!'  udr rao has an incredible knowledge of general medicine in addition to his speciality of surgery  his thoughtful answers reveal a knowledgeable and caring physician i value dr rao's contributions on health tap  u'i fully recommend dr rao to anyone needing his help as he has provided wonderful answers and seems to care deeply about his field of medicine  great physician and colleague!'  u'dr rao provides an outstanding public service on healthtap dr rao is very knowledgable about general surgery and medicine in general i recommend dr rao'  u'i appreciate dr rao  caring knowledgeable help to both the patients and doctors alike on healthtap  thank you dr rao!'  u'recognized eminence  dr rao has helped tons of people get better through his thoughtful answers and wise advice']
281,[u'dr vasu brown has been an ardent supporter of  and active contributor to  healthtap as evidenced by her level 23 status (wow!)  i always enjoy her answers'  u'very dedicated healer  generous with her time and expertise  focused on helping people get well'  u'good answers  provide helpful feedback'  u'accurate  informative & precise!'  u'good conservative advice'  u'wow  bravo  excellent']
282,[uthis made me feel good thanks! i'm in a position at work where a toilet may not be readily available  so knowing that i should have a little time is great thank you very much dr bourgon!  u'thank you  your answer was very helpful!'  u'thank you  your answer was very helpful!'  uthis was very helpful thanks! thank you so much i don't need to worry about it  u'thank you  your answer was very helpful!'  u'thank you  your quick reply made me feel good!']
283,[u'dr stacey  is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr stacey  is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
284,[u'dr grossman is a knowledgeable and dedicated dentist with well thought out and articulate answers'  u'excellent info']
285,[u'dr jamali has a wealth of knowledge and i am impressed with his devotion to answering questions on this site as a public service'  u'great oral surgeon!!']
286,[u'dr zacks always responds to questions with unique and original answers  he corresponds in a manner that is succint  accurate and caring  i highly recommend him  dr don e millner magd ficoi'  u'dr zacks posts are always thought provoking  one can truly see the commitment and passion to medicine  keep the great answers coming'  u'renaissance man in the modern era how refreshing and interesting an excellent role model for physicians'  u'excellent doctor and an asset to healthtap  always gives informative and educational support to patients'  u'dr jerome zacks in a very knowledgeable and caring physician  i recommend him highly'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
287,[uwhat a delight it is to read dr friedlander's posts he is direct and his advice is personalized clearly he's kind as he tells it like it is  without waffling while doing so  he also recognizes full well that we all deserve respect  frankness  and honesty when dosing out wisdom  whether to patients  the public  or his peers  u'very knowledgeable and capable of conveying his thoughts in a very clear way uncommon gift of empathy for those asking the questions  yet answers directly and unhesitatingly it is a pleasure to read his responses and to learn from him for a pathologist i find him refreshingly conversant with the living!'  u'dr friedlander is an excellent physician who really knows what he is talking about i am sincerely happy to be in connection with him on healthtap i highly recommend dr friedlander: his straightforward excellent answers are a great resource both to patients & drs thank you dr friedlander !'  u'dr friedlander is an extremely knowledgeable physician who continually gives superb advice on an incredible range of medical conditions hi9s answers are always accurate & totally reliable we are very fortunate to have him as a colleague on healthtap'  u'as a former student of dr friedlander i can say that he is quite brilliant and very quick with often very insightful and helpful witticisms  he has a great love of medicine and  i believe  an even greater love of teaching medicine to others'  u'a very knowledgable individual i had the privilege of attending his pathology course as a medical student in kansas city  mo i have appreciated his contribution to my education and value the solid core foundation he contributed in providing']
288,[ui have a shoulder impingement i just started pain in my armpit of the same shoulder he was able to detect why i had pain when i put my chin to my chest i didn't mention my impingement he's right  u'he always answers quicklyon nights i was up scared he helped calm mei feel blessed to have a brilliant dr who will reach out and not ask for anything'  uhe answered back quickly even though i didn't get the answer i wanted  he was great help!  ui'm glad he answered my question that was puzzling to me  now i have some peace of mind  u'i am much obliged to dr colantino for his prompt and instructive information'  u'dr colantino is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
289,[u'dr dang is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr dang is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
290,[u'i endorse this doctor  thomas klein is a wonderful physician who provides top quality of care and makes himself accessible to all patients whenever in need  he evaluates their overall situation and offers a plan of care that is easy to follow and improves their overall quality of life  he also makes sure his staff treats you well and gets you in quickly for either a new patient appointment or a follow-up   he is also well read and continues to stay current with the updated allergy and medical journals  he is an asset to our field and truly enjoys his profession'  u'dr klein is a remarkable and welcomed addition to the avvo community  his answers are not only succinct and accurate  but they show just how much he cares for his profession and his patients  i am honored to work alongside him  i endorse and highly recommend dr thomas klein'  u'with extensive experience in the field of allergy and immunology  dr klein carries many strengths  including medical knowledge  care/compassion  and the ability to nuture an excellent patient-physician relationship  i fully endorse dr klein for these traits and many others'  u'dr klein is a knowledgeable  well-trained allergist with exceptional communication skills i would not hesitate to refer to him patients i had seen who are moving to havertown or its environs'  u'i would like to welcome dr klein to avvocom and endorse him dr klein is providing an excellent service to the public through the medical information and guidance that he provides'  u'dr klein is a knowledgeable  kind  and considerate physician i would see him myself highly recommended']
291,[u'great doc! wonderful answers thank you!']
292,[u'dr davidzon is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr davidzon is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
293,[u'dr knecht is always spot on with his endocrine expertise  he is a valuable asset to healthtap and his caring patient attitude to second to none  his patients are privileged to have his care'  u'great answers thank you!']
294,[u'dr li is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr li is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
295,[u'dr seibert is a very knowledgeable and compassionate doctor who gives practical and sensible advice i enjoy reading his answers highly recommended '  u'i endorse dr seibert he is clearly extremely knowledgeable about gastroenterology he is providing an excellent service to the public via healthtap'  u'dr seibert is a tireless asset to healthtap his answers are always right on target!  i value his opinion as a gastroenterology colleague'  u'thank you so much for all you are doing here!  keep up the great job!'  u'committed and interested in helping online patient population'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
296,[u'dr dimeglio provides helpful explanations about complicated topics on healthtap  her answers are a great service to her patients and colleagues alike!'  u'very sensible and intelligent answers to questions  i would consider her a trusted source of information'  u'i highly recommend dr dimeglio she is a leader in the field and a kind  caring physician']
297,[u'helpful answers  right to the point! nicely done'  u'great doc!!']
298,[u'great doctor! wise and compassionate andwers  highly knowledgeble i certainly recomment dr ferranti!'  u'excellent critical care doc with wide spectrum of training and knowledge base recommend!'  u'all i can say is wow very impressive very impressive indeed  great job dr ferranti'  u'very accurate and timely responses'  u'expert pulmonary care specialist'  u'i recommend this physician!']
299,[u'an excellent source of information'  u'i recommend this physician!']
300,[u'i am grateful to drgrin for educating not only myself  but all of us here at healthtap about pain management  and  moreover  i am grateful to him for his openness to the effects of psychotherapy i have encountered many pain practitioners who devalue therapy as being unneeded  and that medication solves everything no so for dr grin  and i am relieved he is more forward thinking & collaborative!'  u'what a great guy  excellent physician  wonderful colleague and all around genius in the area of pain as well in a surprising range of other areas  i learn from him every day and have recommended that my own daughter read his information to help sort out her tmj  he does not hesitate to tackle any question and returns clear explanations of the most complex issues seasoned with true compassion'  u'dr grin is a wonderful colleague and physician he is knowledgeable in multiple areas not only in the scope of pain management his genuine compassion is evident not only in the way he cares for patients  but for the community of physicians here on healthtap as well we are all lucky to have him share his wisdom with us!'  u'i am endorsing dr grin he is providing an excellent service to the public on healthtap the medical information  dr grin provides is accurate & understandable dr grin is clearly very knowledgeable about pain management and medicine in general'  uhave been reading dr grin's responses and have been impressed with his lucid explanations of issues that are difficult to explain to non-medical personnel he is thorough  concise  and provides excellent advice  u'i highly endorse dr paul grin as a healthtap and healthtap prime as an expert his commentaries and clinical insights are astute and educational to both patients and physicians he is an asset to our community']
301,[u'i recommend dr wright  although i know little about phlebology  i am learning a great deal from reading the information he provides it is clear that he is an expert in this field he is providing a valuable service to the public through healthtap i endorse dr wright'  ui am a colleague phlebologist (vein specialist)\r\ndr wright always out the patient's well being first  and is professional and extremely knowledgeable about vein conditions he has my highest endorsement!\r\nr mueller  md  facc  rvt  rpvi  u'upbeat  personable  and forward-thinking tips plus knowledgeable answers to questions on healthtap  dr wright is a great addition to this community  and i recommend him'  u'dr wright is a knowledgeable and thorough phlebologist  he takes excellent care of patients and is an asset to the field of vein disease treatment'  ui learn a great deal from dr wright's postings  and admire how he meets patients and colleagues where they are and with equal ease  u'thoughtful  clear  knowledgeable & helpful responses a great asset to patients and professionals  both']
302,[u'doctor doan is a quality doctor  he has trained at the best places  he has tremendous bed-side manner  and he is a skilled surgeon'  u'agree with his recommendations']
303,[u'dr gabor  has an outstanding knowledge base of both diagnostic radiology and of medicine in general (across the board)  he is providing a valuable service to the public via healthtap i endorse dr gabor'  u'dr michael gabor is an excellent physician  very knowledgeable passionate  and on the top of his field he is a great value to the people of ny  and to the family of health tap'  u'dr gabor is a very knowledgeable and compassionate doctor always enjoy reading his insightful answers highly recommended'  u'understandable answers  educates us all both patients and doctors alike  generous and collaborative recommended to all!'  u'dr gabor has been an excellent consultant and is a great asset to thr healthtap prime physician community'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
304,[u'great doc!!']
305,[u'dr dyro is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr dyro is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
306,[u'great answers']
307,[u'dr ettinger is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr ettinger is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
308,[u'dr malinchak is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr malinchak is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
309,[u'dr lipman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr lipman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
310,[u'great dentist!!!']
311,[u'when in rome  do as the romans do; and when in pain  do as the  georgians do  see dr rosenfeld his expertise in diagnosis and treatment of acute and chronic pain conditions such as neck and back pain should be sought after'  u'i strongly recommend dr rosenfeld for with out reservation based on my knowledge of him in this forum'  u'i recommend this doctor  very insightful and i learn something new from these answers'  u'excellent doctor---i wish he was closer to my patients  i enjoy learning from him'  u'partner at a premier pain group in atlanta  he takes good care of my patients'  u'a fantastic physician with caring answers!']
312,[u'i have had the pleasure of reading and learning from dr gurr for the past hour and i must say he has an incredible fund of medical as well as psychological  knowledge  his advice is  like having the insight of a psychologist  physician  neurologist and compassionate healer all rolled into one  what a great addition to the health tap team  i highly recommend him'  u'dr gurr is a very knowledgeable and compassionate doctor always enjoy reading his insightful answers highly recommended']
313,[u'dr oscar novick is an excellent pediatrician who demonstrates a wide-breadth of knowledge across medical specialties his responses are concise  practical  and insightful and i look forward to reading them additionally he is kind and caring as reflected in his answers i am happy to have dr novick as my colleague on healthtap!'  ui like & admire dr novick 's vastness of passion & compassion  wealth in his specialty knowledge  and keen instinct to conjecture useful solutions beyond available facts so  i recommend him without reservation to anyone in need for his specialty care and service \r\n\r\n(james) chin-ti lin  md  u'dr novick is clearly has an outstanding knowledge of pediatrics he is providing an excellent service to the public via healhtap the information he provides is understandable  accurate & compassionate i endorse dr novick'  u'excellent well thought out answers an excellent resource for patients and an asset to healthtap anybody who takes their personal time  to answer patient questions and does so without anything in return is fine by me'  u'i am always amazed at his breadth of knowledge in pediatrics- it is obvious from his answers and online presence  he is an expert in pediatrics and a value to the health tap community'  u'dr novick has my highest recommendation he is a well respected pediatrician in his community and it is great to see  expertise and insights shared on health tap']
314,[u'dr citron is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr citron is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
315,[u'have know dr seres for many years he has helped me to take care of some very complex patient cases']
316,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
317,[u'dr kass has consistently shown thoughtful and useful advise to patients in his interactions he is an expert in his field i highly recommend him for your health care needs !'  u'i asked him a question as a colleague and he was prompt to reply with advise  it shows he is committed and really cares'  u'i recommend this doctor  very insightful and i learn something new from these answers'  u'excellent doctor with diagnosis  treatment  surgery with excellent bedside manor'  u'dr kass provides excellent information on podiatry to the public via healthtap'  u'intelligent  accurate  kind answers\r\nhighly recommend']
318,[u'you told me to use more moisturiser on my legs for extreme itchiness and it worked would never have thought im using hand cream on my legs i find it much thicker than normal moisturiser didnt need what my gp reccomendedcant thank you enough :&#41;'  u'dr gutman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr gutman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
319,[u'i recommend this physician!']
320,[u'i do recommend dr anyanwu with no reservation  to anyone seeking for a caring  comprehensive care from his specialty because i have been impressed with his pointed answers to inquiry with knowledge  wit  and kindness\r\n\r\nso  see him whenever you may need his service\r\n\r\n(james) chin-ti lin\r\nwwwformefirstcom'  u'dr jovita anyanwu is an excellent diagnostician and a caring physician  this is evident in her clear  concise  and knowledgeable patient responses  her tip tap contributions are also very informative  i am pleased to serve with dr anyanwu as a colleague on healthtap'  u'dr anyanwu has been an excellent addition to the healthtap team her answers show experienced clinical judgment and are clear and to the point i recommend her without reservation d jacobson  md'  u'dr anyanwu has consistently shown thoughtful and useful advise to patients in his interactions he is an expert in his field \r\n\r\ni highly recommend him for your health care needs !'  u'i recommend dr anyanwu i look forward to reading the information she shares on healthtap she provides accurate  clear & compassionate responses i endorse dr anyanwu'  u'patient with all his answers despite questions that may seem trivial and unnecessary knowledgeable and kind in his replies to all questions thank you dr jovita']
321,[ui cannot think of how he could've been more helpful he answered every single question as fully as possible  u'dr kaufer is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr kaufer is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'thank you for your concerns']
322,[udr lavi's answers are very thoughtful and indicate that she is a very knowledgeable expert in cognitive therapy cognitive therapy with or without medication is a valuable modality for the treatment of depression and other disorders  u'your dedication and commitment to providing quality health consultation on healthtap is greatly admired and a true benefit to your patients keep up the good work'  u'dr lavi has consistently shown thoughtful and useful advise to patients in her interactions she is an expert in her field i highly recommend her !'  u'great answers! a great deal of clinical expertise combined with good horse sense and approachability by both patients and colleagues!'  u'dr lavi has a vast fund of knowledge that allows for effectively contributing to this online community of health'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
323,[u'dr oram is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
324,[u'i endorse this dentist i have had the privilege and pleasure of knowing dr sandler for close to 20 years my experiences of working with him have been always positive patient feedback is always exceptional and patients expectations have been met and exceeded he is a kind  caring and compassionate man who seeks perfection in his work dr sandler is constantly being educated with the newest knowledge and techniques in his field'  ui have followed dr sandler's comments to patients and practitioners alike for several months his answers to patients are caring  thorough  and obviously fully researched his advice to practioners is spot on--a trusted and erudite member of the dental community it is a privilege to include him in my network of health care providers and resources  u'dr sandler provides excellent advice to patients and peers his advice is consistent with a high standard of care his answers to questions on this site are well thought out and consistent with the kind of care i expect in a true dental professional it is my pleasure to endorse him'  u'dr sandler is that one of a kind of professional that unfortunately is sometimes hard to find  his expertise and professionalism is outstanding and seems to only follow his heart and compassion for patients  i am proud to have met dr sandler and i can not recommend him enough'  ui have been impressed by dr sandler's professionalism  he responds with care and passion and often goes beyond the call of duty in providing useful information in his answers  i consider his patients to be lucky to have him as their dentist i endorse him without reservations  ui know dr sandler from the avvo community and i have experienced his commitment to his patients and dentistry it's rare to find someone who makes an active effort to improve the field and it is from this that i am confident that dr sandler will not disappoint]
325,[u'i endorse dr kent  he is providing an outstanding service to the public through healthtap the information he provides is clear  accurate  compassionate & responsive  i recommend dr kent'  u'dr robert kent offers a wide variety of modalities and is well trained  thank you especially for your service to our vets'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'obviously a valuable asset to health-tap']
326,[u'answers question very thoroughly and demonstrates an extensive knowledge of his field  also is generous with health tips and demonstrates a genuine understanding of his patients issues'  u'dr   zahid niazi is an excellent physician  very knowledgeable passionate  and on the top of his field he is a great value to the people of ca   and to the family of health tap'  uthank you dr niazi i appreciate your caring informative answers they benefit more than just those who ask they help me learn things i didn't know a free education-thanks !  u'extremely knowledgeable  known for deft hands in plastic/reconstructive  surgery recommended for anyone who seeks his expertise'  u'he provides excellent and informative answers and is known for his excellent teaching abilities\r\nkeep it up behta!!'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
327,[u'innovative and experienced pediatrician  i highly recommend him']
328,[u'dr oscar novick is an excellent pediatrician who demonstrates a wide-breadth of knowledge across medical specialties his responses are concise  practical  and insightful and i look forward to reading them additionally he is kind and caring as reflected in his answers i am happy to have dr novick as my colleague on healthtap!'  ui like & admire dr novick 's vastness of passion & compassion  wealth in his specialty knowledge  and keen instinct to conjecture useful solutions beyond available facts so  i recommend him without reservation to anyone in need for his specialty care and service \r\n\r\n(james) chin-ti lin  md  u'dr novick is clearly has an outstanding knowledge of pediatrics he is providing an excellent service to the public via healhtap the information he provides is understandable  accurate & compassionate i endorse dr novick'  u'excellent well thought out answers an excellent resource for patients and an asset to healthtap anybody who takes their personal time  to answer patient questions and does so without anything in return is fine by me'  u'i am always amazed at his breadth of knowledge in pediatrics- it is obvious from his answers and online presence  he is an expert in pediatrics and a value to the health tap community'  u'dr novick has my highest recommendation he is a well respected pediatrician in his community and it is great to see  expertise and insights shared on health tap']
329,[u'i highly endorse dr jeffrey bassman as an expert on health tap and healthtap prime his comments and insights are educational for both patients and physicians he is an asset to the healthtap community'  u'dr bassman is an extremely knowledgeable and dedicated dentist excellent answers and advice'  u'very knowledgable  fantastic answers with quick responses\nexcellent  excellent doctor!'  u'excellent responses to questions and very supportive of patients strongly recommended'  u'i highly recommend dr bassman and thank you for your contributions to healthtap'  u'a very knowledgable and compassionate doctor always gives very sound advice']
330,[u'dr turrisi is a world leader in the field of radiation oncology  and has invented the standard of care in the treatment of many disease  most famously small cell lung cancer one of my greatest professional regrets is that i failed to convince him to serve as chairman of our department'  u'a renaissance man and physician loquacious with content and humor and a scholar of lung cancer and medicine in general'  u'detroit is lucky to have such a good doc!'  u'an excellent physicain'  u'excellent physician!']
331,[u'i endorse this dentist i have had the privilege and pleasure of knowing dr sandler for close to 20 years my experiences of working with him have been always positive patient feedback is always exceptional and patients expectations have been met and exceeded he is a kind  caring and compassionate man who seeks perfection in his work dr sandler is constantly being educated with the newest knowledge and techniques in his field'  ui have followed dr sandler's comments to patients and practitioners alike for several months his answers to patients are caring  thorough  and obviously fully researched his advice to practioners is spot on--a trusted and erudite member of the dental community it is a privilege to include him in my network of health care providers and resources  u'dr sandler provides excellent advice to patients and peers his advice is consistent with a high standard of care his answers to questions on this site are well thought out and consistent with the kind of care i expect in a true dental professional it is my pleasure to endorse him'  u'dr sandler is that one of a kind of professional that unfortunately is sometimes hard to find  his expertise and professionalism is outstanding and seems to only follow his heart and compassion for patients  i am proud to have met dr sandler and i can not recommend him enough'  ui have been impressed by dr sandler's professionalism  he responds with care and passion and often goes beyond the call of duty in providing useful information in his answers  i consider his patients to be lucky to have him as their dentist i endorse him without reservations  ui know dr sandler from the avvo community and i have experienced his commitment to his patients and dentistry it's rare to find someone who makes an active effort to improve the field and it is from this that i am confident that dr sandler will not disappoint]
332,[u'dr stephen rothstein is the only ent surgeon you need to know in nyc he gives unbiased advice  let people participate actively in all decisions related to their health and health care  assesses each situation carefully  and help whatever the situation he promotes healths as well as treats disease great asset to health tap'  u'very knowledgable and compassionate doctor who gives practical advice i love following dr rothstein and enjoy reading his answers  always learn something new while reading the answers highly recommended ent doctor'  u'steve is a great guy  well trained  well-mannered  and well-liked by me  for one  as well as the other insightful  docs on healthtap  who recognize excellence when they see it!'  u'dr rothstein  shares his expert knowledge and caring manner with us here on health tap  and i highly recommend him so glad he is on our team'  u'knowledgeable and kind specialist in ent i trust his answers highly recommend'  u'great answers thank you for all your help']
333,[u'dr ettinger is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr ettinger is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
334,[u'dr tsiouris is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr tsiouris is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
335,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
336,[uhi doc:\r\ngood advice!!\r\ni've added your to my network and recommended you\r\ni would appreciate a return of the favor\r\ni'm on omfs in sacramento  ca\r\nspecial interest tmj disorders\r\nthanks\r\nlouis gallia md  dmd  facs  u'i highly endorse and recommend dr hettinger as an outstanding expert in the healthtap prime community his expertise in podiatry is most certainly appreciated and educational'  u'knowledgeable expert in podiatry gives clear  accurate answers highly recommend'  u'i recommend this physician!']
337,[u'dr peters is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr peters is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
338,[u'an incredible surgeon  an excellent leader and kind  caring person highly recommend']
339,[u'an excellent source of information'  u'i recommend this physician!']
340,[udr jackson provides compassionate  accurate  and helpful answers on healthtap  i'm glad she's here educating both patients and her colleagues!  u'i enjoy reading her posts---she is an asset to healthtap'  u'i endorse this doctor']
341,[u'i am honored to have the opportunity to critique my good colleague  dr rhoads  her warm and inviting personality is exactly what is needed to jump start any professional relationship she then  follows this up with a wealth of accurate medical knowledge demonstrating her clinical acumen as a family physician through & through my thanks for her collegiality & desire to be a part of this network'  ui don't think you can find a more skilled  bright  knowledgeable physician with the natural ability to make people feel at ease than dr rhodes i'm always happy to see her answers because i learn a lot from her bedside manner shes the kind of person that i imagine shines a light in every room she walks into healing is an art  and she is a gifted artist! keep up the strong work and kind smile!  u'what a find on healthtap! dr rhoads\' answers are friendly  easy to understand  yet right-on-point and comprehensive her kentucky patients are truly fortunate to have such a medical expert & resource at hand! i\'m following her feed with interest  & commend her to anyone looking for straight-up medical insight'  u'dr rhoads is a delight and asset to healthtap  not only are her answers clear  concise and helpful but she backs them up with data  i a great doctor to learn from and a great family doctor to consult!  i highly recommend her  kentucky is lucky!'  u'dr susan rhoads is a dedicated doctor  sharp  analyzes patient problems well  her rapport and lovely presence sets her high as a professional  reminds me of the true spirits of the real family dr  marcos welby style  rare in in our hectic times '  u'i appreciate the quality and caring of dr rhoads answers she knows so much and is so generous with her knowledge we all benefit from her contributions here and families in her community are fortunate to have her in person']
342,[u'dr valdez is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr valdez is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr valdez is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'quick answer and pretty much in line with my research!'  u'super fast response!  much appreciated!'  u'thanks  much']
343,[u'dr de leon is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr de leon is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
344,[u'dr schaffer is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr schaffer is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
345,[u'dr allan gives very concise and common sense responses to questions very knowledgeable and an excellent and valuable member of the healthtap community of physicians follow her responses to questions and everyone will learn'  u'dr allan is a great resource to have here on healthtap  she is very knowledgeable and cares for her patients  her answers here are quick and accurate'  udr allan's answers are excellent they are instructive to patients as well as physicians  u'dr allan is a dedicated and very knowledgeable doctor i highly recommend her!'  u'thank you so much for your caring insight  helping patients and doctors alike!'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
346,[u'very helpful and caring answers']
347,[u'thank you!']
348,[u'dr christensen is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr christensen is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
349,[u'i endorse this dentist i have had the privilege and pleasure of knowing dr sandler for close to 20 years my experiences of working with him have been always positive patient feedback is always exceptional and patients expectations have been met and exceeded he is a kind  caring and compassionate man who seeks perfection in his work dr sandler is constantly being educated with the newest knowledge and techniques in his field'  ui have followed dr sandler's comments to patients and practitioners alike for several months his answers to patients are caring  thorough  and obviously fully researched his advice to practioners is spot on--a trusted and erudite member of the dental community it is a privilege to include him in my network of health care providers and resources  u'dr sandler provides excellent advice to patients and peers his advice is consistent with a high standard of care his answers to questions on this site are well thought out and consistent with the kind of care i expect in a true dental professional it is my pleasure to endorse him'  u'dr sandler is that one of a kind of professional that unfortunately is sometimes hard to find  his expertise and professionalism is outstanding and seems to only follow his heart and compassion for patients  i am proud to have met dr sandler and i can not recommend him enough'  ui have been impressed by dr sandler's professionalism  he responds with care and passion and often goes beyond the call of duty in providing useful information in his answers  i consider his patients to be lucky to have him as their dentist i endorse him without reservations  ui know dr sandler from the avvo community and i have experienced his commitment to his patients and dentistry it's rare to find someone who makes an active effort to improve the field and it is from this that i am confident that dr sandler will not disappoint]
350,[u'dr deurdulian is an outstanding physician with a wealth of knowledge and is truly a patient advocate she is a great physician to have on healthtap due to her vast experience and expertise in the field of radiology  highly recommend her'  u'i recommend dr corinne deurdulian she is an excellent physician passionate and well read and very knowledgeable']
351,[u'respected specialist in family medicine highly recommend'  u'very timely and accurate responses']
352,[u'excellent consultant great informations/advices  in regard to breast cancer surgery and everything around it'  udr hampton's responses to questions are helpful to the patients as well as her colleagues  uanswers patient's questions in a timely manner  very knowledgeable!  u'knowledegeable and caring answers'  u'excellent physician!']
353,[u'i endorse dr park he is actively involved in providing health education to the public via healthtap he shares understandable  accurate & compassionate information i learn a lot from his entries'  u'a talented and experienced physician with exceptional level of dedication  it is an honor to have him here on healthtap  and in south carolina  highly recommended!'  u'very ac accurate & thorough!'  u'excellent physician']
354,[u'looking forward to maintaining contact with you\nmichael kleerekoper'  u'great peds doc!!']
355,[u'dr mintzer clearly cares about every patient whose question she answers  her explanations are educational while fully addressing the concern expressed  they show patience  an ability to make difficult material easily understood and a state of the art knowledge base  we and her patients are fortunate to have her as a resource']
356,[u'dr gabor  has an outstanding knowledge base of both diagnostic radiology and of medicine in general (across the board)  he is providing a valuable service to the public via healthtap i endorse dr gabor'  u'dr michael gabor is an excellent physician  very knowledgeable passionate  and on the top of his field he is a great value to the people of ny  and to the family of health tap'  u'dr gabor is a very knowledgeable and compassionate doctor always enjoy reading his insightful answers highly recommended'  u'understandable answers  educates us all both patients and doctors alike  generous and collaborative recommended to all!'  u'dr gabor has been an excellent consultant and is a great asset to thr healthtap prime physician community'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
357,[u'it is no wonder that dr placik has a 99 docscore & is ranked first nationally in so many areas of medicine on healthtap he provides concise & accurate  information to many people  he does a good job furthering  education about plastic surgery'  u'i endorse this doctor  he is skilled  ethical  intelligent and reliable  my personal knowledge of his skill and technique is in the area of female cosmetic/plastic genital (vulvar) surgery  at which he is the best in the midwest!'  udr placik is a wonderfully well-rounded physician  whose replies embrace the whole human rather than  on surgical procedures alone  he's a great asset to healthtap  and i'm sure to his patients  u'dr placik has a very wide knowledge which he share with his patients and colleagues  we as well as the online patients are fortunate to have a very valuable clinician like dr pacik'  u'excellent & well written responses from a physician and plastic surgeon who has shown dedication to help many patients with thoughtful answers to their questions on this site'  u'dr placik provides consistently thoughtful answers i especially appreciate that he is conservative and realistic in his answers about cosmetic surgery procedures']
358,[u'knowledgeablen  helpful and clear responses  thank you for answering the immunization question that continues to surprisingly generate debate!'  ui enjoy and learn a great deal from dr singer's answers a real asset to healthtap!  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'experienced  very well trained and helpful pediatric neurologist'  u'thanks for your valuable contributions'  u'smart doctor\r\ni highly recommend']
359,[uwe both share the idea that holistic medicine and mainstream medicine have a lot to learn from each other i believe most if not all holistic medicine approaches are hundred of years older than western medicine and either just as effective and in many situations more effective just because we may not know how something works doesn't mean we discard it\r\nwe need dr that think outside of the box!  udr baker provides wonderfully on-target answers and resources on healthtap  i'm grateful to him for his insights  and also inspired by all the reading and learning he clearly does to help his patients  thanks  dr baker!  udr baker offers timely  accurate and pertinent holistic medical advice that truly takes into account the patient's welfare  and health am very impressed with his thoroughness  u'dr baker is an outstanding physician practicing medicine as it should be practiced by combining the best of all systems of medicine in order to treat the whole patient'  u'it is my pleasure to recommend dr baker for his expertise in herbal supplements  lyme disease  vegetarian diet  vitamin c  ascorbic acid and holistic medicine'  u'dr baker has a  vast knowledge about holistic medicine i learn a great deal from reading the information he provides on healthtap i recommend dr baker']
360,[u'i do recommend dr anyanwu with no reservation  to anyone seeking for a caring  comprehensive care from his specialty because i have been impressed with his pointed answers to inquiry with knowledge  wit  and kindness\r\n\r\nso  see him whenever you may need his service\r\n\r\n(james) chin-ti lin\r\nwwwformefirstcom'  u'dr jovita anyanwu is an excellent diagnostician and a caring physician  this is evident in her clear  concise  and knowledgeable patient responses  her tip tap contributions are also very informative  i am pleased to serve with dr anyanwu as a colleague on healthtap'  u'dr anyanwu has been an excellent addition to the healthtap team her answers show experienced clinical judgment and are clear and to the point i recommend her without reservation d jacobson  md'  u'dr anyanwu has consistently shown thoughtful and useful advise to patients in his interactions he is an expert in his field \r\n\r\ni highly recommend him for your health care needs !'  u'i recommend dr anyanwu i look forward to reading the information she shares on healthtap she provides accurate  clear & compassionate responses i endorse dr anyanwu'  u'patient with all his answers despite questions that may seem trivial and unnecessary knowledgeable and kind in his replies to all questions thank you dr jovita']
361,[u'i do recommend dr anyanwu with no reservation  to anyone seeking for a caring  comprehensive care from his specialty because i have been impressed with his pointed answers to inquiry with knowledge  wit  and kindness\r\n\r\nso  see him whenever you may need his service\r\n\r\n(james) chin-ti lin\r\nwwwformefirstcom'  u'dr jovita anyanwu is an excellent diagnostician and a caring physician  this is evident in her clear  concise  and knowledgeable patient responses  her tip tap contributions are also very informative  i am pleased to serve with dr anyanwu as a colleague on healthtap'  u'dr anyanwu has been an excellent addition to the healthtap team her answers show experienced clinical judgment and are clear and to the point i recommend her without reservation d jacobson  md'  u'dr anyanwu has consistently shown thoughtful and useful advise to patients in his interactions he is an expert in his field \r\n\r\ni highly recommend him for your health care needs !'  u'i recommend dr anyanwu i look forward to reading the information she shares on healthtap she provides accurate  clear & compassionate responses i endorse dr anyanwu'  u'patient with all his answers despite questions that may seem trivial and unnecessary knowledgeable and kind in his replies to all questions thank you dr jovita']
362,[u'i recommend this physician!']
363,[u'dr accurso provides a wonderful resource to patients & other doctors with his informational & caring accurate answers and personal style i trust him'  u'dr accurso is doing a fabulous job help not only the patients but fellow doctors!  i am so grateful for you!'  u'as a fellow radiologist i appreciate (and learn from) the excellent posts by dr accurso'  u'timely accurate answers  very happy he is answering questions on healthtap'  u'i enjoy learning from dr accurso---a welcome addition to healthtap']
364,[udr burns offers consistently helpful information in his responses he's very knowledgeable and i highly recommend him he is an excellent addition to healthtap  u'i recommend dr burnsvery caring which is especially great in an emergency department setting'  u'i recommend dr james burns highly  very knowledgeable']
365,[u'this excellent physician is a colleague i greatly respect and trust!'  u'excellent doctor  always gives informative posts']
366,[u'an amazingly talented obgyn specializing in pelvic floor and incontinence procedures']
367,[u'that is what my research has led me to believe  thanks'  u'thank you  your answer was very helpful!'  u'this was very helpful thanks! thank you so much for your prompt answer strangely enough  this is the one question l keep forgetting to ask my doctor'  u'thank you  your answer was very helpful!'  u'thank you  makes a little more sense now'  u'thank you  your answer was very helpful!']
368,[u'dr willis is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr willis is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
369,[u'dr wittenberg is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr wittenberg is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
370,[u'dr fraiman is an outstanding endodontistas a second generation dentist  she has dedicated herself to saving the natural dentition through the diagnosis and treatment of diseases of the dental pulp  she has outstanding training and is a caring and first class practitioner'  udr kara is always there when i call on her services to help a patient of minethe patient is always cared for that day and leave drkara's office in comfortworking with dr kara has always been a consistenty great experience  ed chermol  u'dr fraiman is one of those rare people who have such a great talent for what she does while truly enjoying her profession  i endorse dr fraiman\nmichael i wollock  dmd  agd fellow'  u'i endorse this dentist  dr fraiman uses the latest in technology and that paired with her warm and caring beside manner  she is top in her field!'  u'kara is a wonderful endodontist  she is thorough and caring  everyone we refer to her has a great experience'  u'dr fraiman is wonderful with children and patients ofall ages for root canal treatment']
371,[u'outstanding surgeon and physician']
372,[udr koch is a caring doctor who offers his patients his all he's knowledgeable and experienced but  most of all  his spirit of service lives through his work i have met him personally and would recommend him as a trusted colleague  u'knowledgeable and caring  family man and doctor i am comfortable sending patients that need a high caliber heart specialist'  ui appreciate dr koch's concise answers to complicated questions  he's a great doctor we're lucky to have on healthtap!  u'very knowledgeable and helpfel this answers!  a value to his patients and this organization !'  u'i recommend this doctor  very insightful and i learn something new from these answers'  u'dr koch is an outstanding cardiologist and very engaged in the healthtap community']
373,[u'dr desai is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr desai is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
374,[u'dr sucher is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr sucher is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
375,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'succinct well defined answers']
376,[u'dr macarthur is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr macarthur is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
377,[u'dr sung clearly has significant expertise in podiatry  he is providing a great service to the public on health tap i recommend dr sung'  u'dr sung is a great podiatrist and you can count on him for accurate diagnosis and treatment options for all foot and ankle problems!'  u'very thoughtful  intelligent  kind  respected expert\r\ni highly recommend him'  u'highly recommended excellent  concise  and timely answers!'  u'excellent posts and always educational'  u'great timely responses']
378,[u'dr spalding is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr spalding is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
379,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
380,[ui endorse dr chiu it's clear from his answers to challenging questions that he is indeed an expert in his field  he is a wonderful resource to healthtap and therefore to the public who needs sound medical answers  u'dr chiu is a very knowledgeable and compassionate doctor who gives practical and sensible advice i enjoy reading his answers highly recommended'  u'excellent fund of knowledge in his specialty thorough but to the point answers to questions'  u'good practical answers'  u'highly recommended-dave'  u'highly recommend']
381,[u'highly recommend dr honore  his answers are extremely thoughtful and he provides an extensive amount of education in his answers  would definitely seek his advice for obstetrics  gynecology  infertility and reproductive endocrinology  exceptional physician'  u'accurate common-sense responses to some difficult questions makes this physician a valuable source of information on healthtap  he appears not only to have an extensive knowledge base but indicates empathy for the problems confronting his questioners'  u'dr honore provides an exceptional public service on healthtap he is extremely knowledgable about fertility his responses are mindful  clear  helpful and accurate i learn alot from the information he provides i recommend dr  honore'  u'dr honore is an excellent and experienced physician who i have personally known since 1999 and we were partners at uthscsa i recommend him without reservations'  u'i have worked with dr honore for at least 10 years and can say without reservations that he is outstanding with his bedside manor and his surgical ability!'  u'a caring  accomplished professional  whose answer are accurate and timely  for the couple in stressful situation highly recommend dr honore!']
382,[u'i recommend you as a well know expert in your field\r\ndr jakavick would recommend this dr to all who seek their expertise'  u'i recommend this doctor  very insightful and i learn something new from these answers'  uanswers patient's questions in a timely manner  very knowledgeable!  u'gives great advice very kind\r\nhighly recommend'  u'very timely and accurate responses'  u'dedicated  knowledgeable  caring']
383,[u'dr chawla is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr chawla is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
384,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
385,[u'answers question very thoroughly and demonstrates an extensive knowledge of his field  also is generous with health tips and demonstrates a genuine understanding of his patients issues'  u'dr   zahid niazi is an excellent physician  very knowledgeable passionate  and on the top of his field he is a great value to the people of ca   and to the family of health tap'  uthank you dr niazi i appreciate your caring informative answers they benefit more than just those who ask they help me learn things i didn't know a free education-thanks !  u'extremely knowledgeable  known for deft hands in plastic/reconstructive  surgery recommended for anyone who seeks his expertise'  u'he provides excellent and informative answers and is known for his excellent teaching abilities\r\nkeep it up behta!!'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
386,[udr schleimer  simply stated  amazes me with his vast knowledge  independent thinking  spot on answers  professionalism and articulate responses  i'm sure his patients are lucky to have him as their dentist and receiving the highest quality dentistry  u'dr schleimer  is very knowledgeable  his answers reflect  the  understanding  of  dental  health that comes with experience  and education we can all learn and  benefit from this doctor'  u'with all of the prefabricated mcbraces out there dr schleimer is one who focuses on what is best for the patient  not selling what people want when it is not sound'  u'thorough  precise & detailed very impressive'  u'accurate and timely opinions'  u'i recommend this physician!']
387,[u'dr dinapoli is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr dinapoli is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr dinapoli is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
388,[u'it is no wonder that dr placik has a 99 docscore & is ranked first nationally in so many areas of medicine on healthtap he provides concise & accurate  information to many people  he does a good job furthering  education about plastic surgery'  u'i endorse this doctor  he is skilled  ethical  intelligent and reliable  my personal knowledge of his skill and technique is in the area of female cosmetic/plastic genital (vulvar) surgery  at which he is the best in the midwest!'  udr placik is a wonderfully well-rounded physician  whose replies embrace the whole human rather than  on surgical procedures alone  he's a great asset to healthtap  and i'm sure to his patients  u'dr placik has a very wide knowledge which he share with his patients and colleagues  we as well as the online patients are fortunate to have a very valuable clinician like dr pacik'  u'excellent & well written responses from a physician and plastic surgeon who has shown dedication to help many patients with thoughtful answers to their questions on this site'  u'dr placik provides consistently thoughtful answers i especially appreciate that he is conservative and realistic in his answers about cosmetic surgery procedures']
389,[u'dr thompson is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr thompson is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
390,[u'i recommend this doctor  very insightful and i learn something new from these answers'  u'a top doctor we are lucky to have dr eleczcko contribute to healthtap'  u'knowledgeable  caring  answers well founded in scientific fact'  u'excellent dentist  very informative and helpful answers'  u'a very knowledgeable  dedicated and caring dentist'  u'thanks for your valuable contributions']
391,[u'i highly endorse dr legha as an  expert on healthtap and healthtap prime his comments and insights provide valuable guidance and information'  u'your dedication and commitment to providing quality health consultation on healthtap is greatly admired and a true benefit to your patients'  u'i endorse dr legha dr legha clearly has a vast knowledge of medical oncology &  is willing to share it as a public service via healthtap'  udr legha's posts are always thought provoking  one can truly see the commitment and passion to medicine  keep the great answers coming  u'dr legha  provides many knowledgeable and helpful answers he is an asset to healthtap'  u'i highly recommend  dr lega  for his great biography   publications  &  awards']
392,[u'dr pollizzi is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr pollizzi is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
393,[u'dr wang is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr wang is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'i am grateful for this doctor this thanksgiving!']
394,[udr malerman is an invaluable resource for his thorough  sound advice  he has mastered the art of dispensing a large amount of wisdom in 400 words  as he says medical docs don't know much about matters in front of the tonsils  and i learn so much from his posts!  he also is not shy about reinforcing the wisdom of his peers in both the medical and dental profession  u'dr malerman is not only an expert in his field but knows a lot about everything!  he is a welcomed asset to healthtap and a great patient advocate  highly recommended'  u'dr malerman has consistently shown thoughtful and useful advise to patients in his interactions  i highly recommend him for your orthodontic needs !'  udr malerman provides informative  to-the-point responses on healthtap  he's clearly a knowledgeable and caring orthodontist  u'dr  malerman has a vast fund of knowledge that allows for effectively contributing to this online community of health'  u'dr malerman answers truthfully  understandably and is a fountain of vast dental knowledge i doff my hat to him']
395,[u'very thoughtful extremely knowledgeable a great doctor a great human being it is my pleasure to be able to write this recommendation'  u'dr rafat provides excellent information on podiatry to the public via healthtap'  u'dr raft enjoys his practice and wants to share his knowledge-dave'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
396,[u'dr semel is a caring  and knowledgeable doctor  who gives outstanding recommendations  and advice her answers are  always timely  and pertinent she is a true asset to the healthtap medical team/ community'  u'dr semel is an excellent expert and quite knowledgeable- quite an asset to the healthtap prime panel i highly endorse her expertise'  u'dr semel gives consistently excellent advice to questions on healthtap excellent clinician'  u'knowledgeable specialist in pediatrics who gives many good  easy to understand answers'  u'very timely and accurate responses'  u'highly recommend']
397,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
398,[u'for those of you that are currently patients of dr cerniglia or those that have been patients of dr cerniglia  i apologize for what i am sharing because you are already aware of my comments  for those that are considering the services of dr cerniglia i hope that my comments help you make your decision\r\n\r\nmy husband and i came to ft worth on a vacation to visit his family  on our first full da'  u'dr cerniglia is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr cerniglia is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
399,[u'dr gemmete is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr gemmete is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
400,[u'dr semel is a caring  and knowledgeable doctor  who gives outstanding recommendations  and advice her answers are  always timely  and pertinent she is a true asset to the healthtap medical team/ community'  u'dr semel is an excellent expert and quite knowledgeable- quite an asset to the healthtap prime panel i highly endorse her expertise'  u'dr semel gives consistently excellent advice to questions on healthtap excellent clinician'  u'knowledgeable specialist in pediatrics who gives many good  easy to understand answers'  u'very timely and accurate responses'  u'highly recommend']
401,[u'i find dr machanic to be a distinguished  caring  compassionate  and dedicated neurologist specializing in such difficult  complex cases i feel lucky to know him thru the healthtap network  as he has helped so many patients i am glad to meet him  and hope to continue our professional dialogue together  and learn from his vast knowledge base excellent advice given!'  u'dr machanic is a phenomenal asset to healthtap his recommendations are spot-on and his years of experience certainly shines through i even find myself learning from his knowledge in the field of neurology thanks for your contribution!'  u'dr machanic represents one of the most accomplished professionals in our network at healthtapcom his answers are extremely valuable for users and professionals equally  and his opinion is regarded with admiration to his excellence'  u'i have the pleasure of knowing dr machanic professionally and personally he is a caring physician  a wellspring of knowledge  and a funny guy! he provides valuable wisdom  information and perspective in the neurology community'  u'dr bennett machanic is a highly trained and expert neurologist who gives very good expert clinical opinions i highly recommend dr machanic to anyone who is seeking a consultation with a neurologist thank you dr machanic'  u'dr machanic provided a thoughtful response to a curbside consult on cidp  his willingness to help out with a clinical question is very much appreciated thank you  dr machanic!']
402,[u'a great ophthalmologist! very knowledgeable in eye surgery  eye medicine  and many other areas of medicine also gives excellent answers a great resource on health tap highly recommend'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'highly recommend']
403,[u'i recommend dr beresh  he is an asset to healthtap and is well respected in the medical community'  u'i believe he is honest and sincere  his knowledge is excellent'  u'will follow you on health tap'  u'highly recommended-dave'  u'very knowledgeable']
404,[u'dr adler is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr adler is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'straight to the point very professional']
405,[u'dr decker is a compassionate and dedicated physician and bright radiologist!'  u'obviously  great knowledge and experience'  u'a spot on radiologist']
406,[u'incredibly knowledgeable and caring huge level of experience from emergency room to battlefields !']
407,[uwhat a delight it is to read dr friedlander's posts he is direct and his advice is personalized clearly he's kind as he tells it like it is  without waffling while doing so  he also recognizes full well that we all deserve respect  frankness  and honesty when dosing out wisdom  whether to patients  the public  or his peers  u'very knowledgeable and capable of conveying his thoughts in a very clear way uncommon gift of empathy for those asking the questions  yet answers directly and unhesitatingly it is a pleasure to read his responses and to learn from him for a pathologist i find him refreshingly conversant with the living!'  u'dr friedlander is an excellent physician who really knows what he is talking about i am sincerely happy to be in connection with him on healthtap i highly recommend dr friedlander: his straightforward excellent answers are a great resource both to patients & drs thank you dr friedlander !'  u'dr friedlander is an extremely knowledgeable physician who continually gives superb advice on an incredible range of medical conditions hi9s answers are always accurate & totally reliable we are very fortunate to have him as a colleague on healthtap'  u'as a former student of dr friedlander i can say that he is quite brilliant and very quick with often very insightful and helpful witticisms  he has a great love of medicine and  i believe  an even greater love of teaching medicine to others'  u'a very knowledgable individual i had the privilege of attending his pathology course as a medical student in kansas city  mo i have appreciated his contribution to my education and value the solid core foundation he contributed in providing']
408,[u'dr harris is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr harris is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
409,[u'dr mourad is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr mourad is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
410,[u'dr del valle is providing an excellent service to the public via healthtap he in clearly knowledge about anesthesiology & many other areas of medicine i endorse dr del valle'  u'excellent answers and is always very supportive to patients on healthtap'  u'great responses very accurate comes highly recommended'  u'very intelligent  caring answers\r\nhighly recommend'  u'very accurate and informative responses'  u'nice answers great job']
411,[u'dr lahners is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
412,[u'i strongly recommend dr frank amico to patients seeking care he is such a dedicated physician and impressive interventional cardiologist  who really cares about his patients he is passionate about his work & saving livesplus  he has a great sense of humor & knows how to make a patient feel relaxed & comforted with his compassion his vast knowledge & skills make him a true asset in healthtap'  u'i highly endorse dr frank amico as an expert on healthtap and healthtap prime his clinical insigts and comments are astutue and educational for both patients and physicians alike he is an asset to the healthtap community of experts'  u'i learned a great deal from dr amico clearly an expert in his field  with excellent  humane bedside manner works and collaborates equally effectively with both patients and colleagues healthtap is lucky to have him!'  u'dr amico is one of the best and most thorough physicians around i highly recommend him for any and all of your health needs and questions'  u'i endorse dr amico he is clearly a knowledgeable internist and is providing a valuable service to the public via healthtap'  u'an insightful physician whose answers are always on point']
413,[u'dr sadr is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr sadr is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
414,[uhe is treating me for hemolytic anemia since my first visit he has been concerned about all my health complications  treating me for the anemia  and other complications i have he is very accessible; he is continuously monitoring my medications  health and wellbeinghe takes time to examing each of his patients he has shown interest on my case which makes me feel good  knowing he is on top of my healthwhen i had no primary doctor  he was the one helping me with all my complications  and he has helped me a lot with my condition and all complications  even with the ones not related to the desease i first went to see him for to be honest i had never had a doctor so accessible and one who has shown caring and interest for my health like him he has knowledge of what he does  and has the caring personality a doctor should have for his patients' health i trust his decisions on my heatlh for he has helped me a lot  udr kittaneh was my oncologist during my breast cancer treatment  during this difficult time  it was a blessing to be under dr kittaneh's care  he took his time explaining my disease/treatment with me and his knowledge in this field was very comforting his bedside manners are excellent i highly recommend dr kittaneh  this is a doctor who genuinely cares about his patients no matter how difficult treatment got for me  dr kittaneh always displayed a positive attitude towards recovery and knowing that your medical team is rooting for you to survive does wonders for your healing process  without a doubt in my mind  this dr is going to go far in his career  god bless you dr kittaneh!  ui'm writing on behalf of my brother because we are cubans and he doesn't know englishtomorrow 10/04/2010 it's going to be 2 years that it was detected that my brother had cancer after that we went trough really hard times  tratments before the surgery  after the surgery and for more than 1 year drkittaneh was his doctor  we consider ourselves blessed with having met such a kind person during his treatment for all my family he is the best doctor you can ever have  he was always there whenever we need him  any question  any doubt  any day of the week at any time he always had an answer right away thanks to him and other doctors in his team my brother survived  u'dr kittaneah has been my oncologist since i was diagnosed with cancer six months ago he is concerned about my disease and he wants to make sure i receive the best treatment and i always feel good  dr kittaneah is always running tests and looking for something meaningful that can help me he is an excellent doctor and he cares about his patients and i feel privileged and blessed in being his patient thanks drkittaneah'  u'dr kittaneh is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr kittaneh is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
415,[u'dr acosta is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr acosta is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
416,[ui am so happy i found a surgeon with the training and skill to use the more advanced  muscle sparing anterior approach to total hip replacement at two weeks post-op  i am walking without a cane  driving  climbing stairs  etc having had this surgery has already improved the quality of my life  and i'll soon be back to bike riding and kayaking---not to mention long beach walks and hiking  which i haven't been able to do in years due to hip pain\ni am a registered nurse  and this is the first major surgery i have had  i highly recommend dr agudelo and florida hospital east orlando i am very appreciative of the excellent care i received  u'dr agudelo is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr agudelo is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
417,[u'would recommend him to my patients'  u'ent specialist']
418,[u'dr chen provides an exceptional public service on healthtap he is clearly extremely knowledgable about neurosurgery i learn from reading the information he presents on health tap i recommend dr chen'  uhas always taken time for me when i've called to request help off him  has always treated me as a respected colleague and i'm grateful to know he's there for me should my patients' needs arisenn  u'dr chen provides articulate  helpful answers about complicated neurosurgical/neurological topics  he writes calmly and respectfully too  thank you  dr chen!'  u'thank you dr chen for sharing your expertise with all of us  i appreciate very much'  ui appreciate dr chen's cogent and accurate advice much to learn from him  u'clearly a very knowledgeable and caring physician  highly recommended']
419,[u'great job thank you!']
420,[u'dr bergman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr bergman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
421,[u'amazing physician  clinician  mentor and thought leader in the field of diabetes']
422,[ui like & admire dr raff's stock of passion & compassion  wealth of specialty knowledge  and keen instinct to conjecture useful solutions beyond available facts so  i recommend her to anyone needing her specialty care/service without reservation \r\n\r\n(james) chin-ti lin  md  udr raff provides a tremendous service to patients with his expertise and caring manner he is certainly my go-to source when i need expert opinion  and i've learned a great deal from reading his answers outstanding!  u'excellent well thought out answers an excellent resource for patients and an asset to healthtap anybody who takes their personal time  to answer patient questions and does so without anything in return is fine by me'  u'dr raff has an outstanding breath of knowledge about infectious diseases and medicine in general he provides an exceptional public service through the education he provides via health tap i recommend dr raff'  udr raff gives sensible  direct answers to a wide range of questions  he teaches me a lot about infectious disease!  he's also a consistently positive presence on healthtap  and i recommend him highly  uyou can't get any better than dr raff  head of the id division when i was in med school and residency at u of louisville  he is extremely knowledgeable  but also a great teacher and a caring doctor]
423,[u'dr verma is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr verma is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
424,[udr dohan is the kindest  clearest-writing dermatologist that i've met here i've learned a great deal from him]
425,[u'dr vayntrub is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
426,[u'dr rupp is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr rupp is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
427,[u'i endorse this dentist i have had the privilege and pleasure of knowing dr sandler for close to 20 years my experiences of working with him have been always positive patient feedback is always exceptional and patients expectations have been met and exceeded he is a kind  caring and compassionate man who seeks perfection in his work dr sandler is constantly being educated with the newest knowledge and techniques in his field'  ui have followed dr sandler's comments to patients and practitioners alike for several months his answers to patients are caring  thorough  and obviously fully researched his advice to practioners is spot on--a trusted and erudite member of the dental community it is a privilege to include him in my network of health care providers and resources  u'dr sandler provides excellent advice to patients and peers his advice is consistent with a high standard of care his answers to questions on this site are well thought out and consistent with the kind of care i expect in a true dental professional it is my pleasure to endorse him'  u'dr sandler is that one of a kind of professional that unfortunately is sometimes hard to find  his expertise and professionalism is outstanding and seems to only follow his heart and compassion for patients  i am proud to have met dr sandler and i can not recommend him enough'  ui have been impressed by dr sandler's professionalism  he responds with care and passion and often goes beyond the call of duty in providing useful information in his answers  i consider his patients to be lucky to have him as their dentist i endorse him without reservations  ui know dr sandler from the avvo community and i have experienced his commitment to his patients and dentistry it's rare to find someone who makes an active effort to improve the field and it is from this that i am confident that dr sandler will not disappoint]
428,[u'dr hoover is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr hoover is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
429,[u'dr wasserman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr wasserman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
430,[u'dr dinhofer is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr dinhofer is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr dinhofer is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
431,[u'mark is not only an expert in his field but has a remarkable vast medical knowledge  truly an asset to healthtap and a caring patient advocate  i\'d send him my consults in a heartbeat if he were closer'  u'fast  fantastic answers to often complex questions  truly an asset to the medical community a true national leader in cardiovascular health care and management'  u'i highly recommend dr mark rasak  he is a  very knowledgeable and caring cardiologist'  u'thanks for your contribution at health tap']
432,[u'knowledgeable expert in family medicine highly recommend'  u'vry accurate and timely responses']
433,[u'dr leighton is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr leighton is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'thank you :)']
434,[u'this excellent physician is a colleague i greatly respect and trust!'  u'excellent doctor  always gives informative posts']
435,[u'dr fay is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr fay is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
436,[u'dr zuckerman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr zuckerman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
437,[u'dr gregory hines is an excellent physician  very knowledgeable passionate  and on the top of his field he is a great value to the people of tn  and to the family of health tap'  u'i recommend this doctor  very insightful and i learn something new from these answers'  u'dr hines is a knowledgeable and caring physician'  u'good knowledgeable answers and caring approach'  u'excellent doctor']
438,[u'dr amawi is providing an excellent service to the public on health tap he shares his vast knowledge of psychiatry in a way that is easy to understand  i r ecommend dr amawi'  u'dr bassam amawi is an excellent physician  very knowledgeable passionate  and on the top of his field he is a great value to the people of fl  and to the family of health tap'  u'dr amawi is a skilled  knowledgeable  and caring physician; he is accessible and generous with his expertise here on healthtap'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'competent  caring and experienced dr amawi is a great physician'  u'knowledgeable  caring answers  thank you']
439,[u'dr leaderman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr leaderman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
440,[u'dr romeo is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr romeo is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
441,[u'knowledgeable answers  cares for patients'  u'great dentist!!!']
442,[u'dr gilmore is a compassionate and knowledgable doctor with practical knowledge of a wide range of topics'  u'very good answers knowledgeable and insightful highly recommend dr gilmore']
443,[u'a concise answer  compassion and experience is what you will get when dr michalski answers one of your questions  such a great value to the healthtap community!'  u'i endorse dr michalski  he is a powerhouse of knowledge and provides an excellent service to the public via healthtap'  u'a kind and helpful expert who has helped so many\r\nhighly recommend'  u'great responses very accurate comes highly recommended'  u'very knowledgeable and an asset to the health tap system'  u'very timely and accurate responses']
444,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
445,[u'dr moore is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr moore is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
446,[u'dr rao has a deep knowledge of an impressive array of medical topics he cuts straight to the heart of the matter and explains difficult topics in a manner that is very easy to understand the mississippi delta is very privileged to enjoy his service'  u'i highly recommend dr rao he is an outstanding physician  his expertise in medicine matches his compassion and care for patients an unique resource to both patients and doctors on health tap! \r\nthank you  you are great  dr rao!'  u'i am consistently impressed with the content and quality of the information that dr rao provides on health tap  he provides a real service to the public i recommend dr rao'  u'i recommend you as a well know expert in your field\r\ndr jakavick would recommend this dr to all who seek their expertise'  u'very informative answers   always quick to respond to patients   definitely a great doctor!'  u'dr rao provides great advice on healthtap he is on my referral network']
447,[u'dr semel is a caring  and knowledgeable doctor  who gives outstanding recommendations  and advice her answers are  always timely  and pertinent she is a true asset to the healthtap medical team/ community'  u'dr semel is an excellent expert and quite knowledgeable- quite an asset to the healthtap prime panel i highly endorse her expertise'  u'dr semel gives consistently excellent advice to questions on healthtap excellent clinician'  u'knowledgeable specialist in pediatrics who gives many good  easy to understand answers'  u'very timely and accurate responses'  u'highly recommend']
448,[u'i recommend this doctor  very insightful and i learn something new from these answers'  u'a top doctor we are lucky to have dr eleczcko contribute to healthtap'  u'knowledgeable  caring  answers well founded in scientific fact'  u'excellent dentist  very informative and helpful answers'  u'a very knowledgeable  dedicated and caring dentist'  u'thanks for your valuable contributions']
449,[u'the words wildly talented clearly apply to dr rao i find him to be world class in his work and highly personable with great bedside manner i recommend him vigorously to both colleagues and patients alike on healthtap!'  udr rao has an incredible knowledge of general medicine in addition to his speciality of surgery  his thoughtful answers reveal a knowledgeable and caring physician i value dr rao's contributions on health tap  u'i fully recommend dr rao to anyone needing his help as he has provided wonderful answers and seems to care deeply about his field of medicine  great physician and colleague!'  u'dr rao provides an outstanding public service on healthtap dr rao is very knowledgable about general surgery and medicine in general i recommend dr rao'  u'i appreciate dr rao  caring knowledgeable help to both the patients and doctors alike on healthtap  thank you dr rao!'  u'recognized eminence  dr rao has helped tons of people get better through his thoughtful answers and wise advice']
450,[u'great informative posts for patients and an asset to healthtap']
451,[u'dr wilson is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr wilson is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
452,[udr buechel is a caring  talented  and pioneering orthopedic surgeon he is well respected in the community both professionally and socially i couldn't give a higher recommendation to anyone needing a honest opinion or a any orthopedic procedure  u'dr buechel enjoys helping his patients and supporting other doctors on healthtap-dave'  u'great answer! very helpful!']
453,[u'dr desai is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr desai is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
454,[u'dr weitberg is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr weitberg is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
455,[u'i endorse this dentist dr funari is one of the best qualified and skillful oral surgeons with whom i have worked i highly recommend him for all aspects of oral surgery'  ui endorse this dentist dr funari is a knowledgable guy  i've worked on an advisory board with him and know several patients who have had positive experiences with him  udr funari is an extremely dedicated and knowledgeable dentist with his patient's best interests at heart  i highly recommend and endorse dr funari  u'i endorse this dentist  dr funari practices to the highest standard  i send patients to him knowing that the care they get will be amazing'  u'i endorse this dentist  quality and honesty are what comes to mind when i think of dr funari  \nmichael i wollock  dmd  agd fellow'  u'i endorse this dentist we have worked on several cases together with excellent results']
456,[u'dr weisberg is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr weisberg is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
457,[u'dr phasouk is a knowledgeable family physician with an excellent sense of humor and realistic attitude towards daily living he seems to related well to patients and his answers to questions are correct and straightforward recommend him highly'  u'dr ryan phasouk practices family medicine  a specialty in which one needs to have both broad and deep knowledge in many areas  he takes on healthtap questions that hare difficult and answers them with clarity and kindness'  u'an outstanding physician with excellent responses to questions very informative refreshing in this age of new medicine to find someone as well rounded in all areas of medicine !'  u'dr phasouk is a real asset to healthtap he has a well rounded knowledge of medicine and provides understandable and accurate answers to question i endorse dr phasouk'  u'dr phasouk actively contributes his knowledge and expertise to give accurate  and meaningful advice on a timely manner he is an asset to the health tap team'  u'dr phasouk is clearly a very knowledgeable physician who gets straight to the point with his very informative answers an asset to health tap!']
458,[u'dr segal is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr segal is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
459,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
460,[u'excellent consultant great informations/advices  in regard to breast cancer surgery and everything around it'  udr hampton's responses to questions are helpful to the patients as well as her colleagues  uanswers patient's questions in a timely manner  very knowledgeable!  u'knowledegeable and caring answers'  u'excellent physician!']
461,[u'dr larsh is knowledgeable  caring  and understands the mind/body approach to holistic medicine she gives outstanding advice  and is point on  and accurate in her assessments and answers'  u'dr larsh is clearly a family practice physician who has a holistic  mind/ bind approach she is providing an excellent public service via healthtap com i endorse dr larsh'  u'dr  larsh has a vast fund of knowledge that allows for effectively contributing to this online community of health'  u'dr larsh provides compassionate  informative answers on healthtap  i recommend her  and am learning from her too!'  u'knowledgeable  caring and dedicated!'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
462,[u'knowledgeablen  helpful and clear responses  thank you for answering the immunization question that continues to surprisingly generate debate!'  ui enjoy and learn a great deal from dr singer's answers a real asset to healthtap!  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'experienced  very well trained and helpful pediatric neurologist'  u'thanks for your valuable contributions'  u'smart doctor\r\ni highly recommend']
463,[u'i recommend dr whiting he is providing an exceptional service to the public via healthtap he clearly has a vast knowledge of ob/gyn']
464,[u'dr velt is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr velt is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr velt is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
465,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
466,[umost people spend more time shopping for a new car than they select a physician it's important to find a physician you trust and feel comfortable with drdr jeffrey j juchau  is the only one you and your family need to know he is a human being who cares about people i'm really learning a lot from him highly recommended  udr juchau is truly the kind of doc i would love to both work in a practice with and to have as my own physician he's really bright  well educated  dedicated  personable  genuine and caring we need more like dr juchau in this field!  u'helpful to patients with a comprehensive general knowledge need to patients where they are effectively and collaborates well with colleagues i recommend dr juchau to both patients and colleagues alike!'  udr juchau's responses are brief  to the point  always accurate and a pleasure to read recommend him highly any family would be privileged to have him as their doctor  u'i enjoy  and learn from reading information shared by dr juchau  he is providing an excellent service to the public via healthtap i recommend dr juchau'  u'dedicated  knowledgable and kind doctor highly recommended to whomever needs a new primary care doctor and also an honor to know him on healthtap']
467,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
468,[u'dr woodard is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr woodard is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
469,[u'dr goodman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr goodman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
470,[u'dr brouwer is a very knowledgeable internist he is providing an excellent public service via healthtap he is also a really nice person i endorse dr brouwer'  u'an industry though leader in concierge medicine an intelligent and highly expereinced physician highly recommend'  u'great responses very accurate comes highly recommended'  u'dr brouwer is knowledgeable  respectful and caring'  u'good knowledgeable answers and caring approach'  u'a super doctor!']
471,[u'dr fricke takes the time to provide answers rich in substance and educational information  the more i read of her contributions  the more i am humbled by the extraordinarily high quality of her responses to even the most complex questions  although we share a specialty  i learn from her every day and strive to approach her level of knowledge and ability to teach'  uin reading and reviewing dr johanna fricke's answers i am impressed how she is able to convey information about the precious things in our lives - our children - in a concise and detailed manner and at the same time some how make you feel reassured at the same time  i wish i live in las vegas so she could be my pediatrician!  i highly recommend her  u'if your child has a developmental  learning  or behavioral problem  a developmental-behavioral pediatrician  dr johanna fricke   has the training and expertise to evaluate and care for your child do not hesitate to refer your family ad friends she is the best in las vegas  nv sincerely and respectfully  drpaul grin'  u'i have known dr fricke for many years  having trained at the same institution i have reviewed many of her answers and consultations on healthtap and have found them to be insightful and thorough her documentation is clear and easily understood by patients i would recommend her highly'  u'i find myself wishing i had a dr fricke to turn to while i was raising my daughter her combination of knowledge  understanding  clarity  compassion and good sense is just well   great children and parents will all benefit from her answers and warmth'  u'excellent well thought out answers an excellent resource for patients and an asset to healthtap anybody who takes their personal time  to answer patient questions and does so without anything in return is fine by me']
472,[u'i have known larry for over 15 years and he is an excellent dentist  for whom i gladly recommend to friends and family'  u'dr gottlieb is a very knowledgeable and dedicated dentist with common sense answers and advice'  u'great doc!!']
473,[u'dr valdez is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr valdez is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr valdez is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'quick answer and pretty much in line with my research!'  u'super fast response!  much appreciated!'  u'thanks  much']
474,[u'great answers thank you very helpful in touching so many lives!']
475,[udr darius saghafi is caring  compassionate  and knowledgeable he is an excellent and experienced neurologist who demonstrates a clinical acumen that spans across medical specialties his answers are concise and intuitive dr saghafi's keen and charming sense of humor gives him a  wonderful bedside manner and his responses are a delight to read i am pleased to him as a colleague on healthtap  udr saghafi is a great physician and colleague! i learn a great deal from his answers and feedback  and what sets him apart is his ability to make complex concepts tangible to patients and to physicians without specialty training in neurology that's not easy to do what's more is he's got a tremendous sense of humor so he entertains while teaching dedicated and compassionate  he's got it all  u'doctor darish saghaf is dedicated to being available and answering questions of all types  not just neurology  he has a vast medical knowledge and it is my pleasure to be able to work with him on the healthtap platform as i also get the opportunity to learn from him while we treat or patients and answer questions  thank you  dr sanghaf'  udr saghafi is one of healthtap's stars  his compassion  knowledge  and ability to translate that knowledge to a level that makes it understandable  all make for an excellent clinician  add to that his sense of humor  and you have a highly recommended physician that i think we'd all like to meet in person!  u'dr saghafi takes the time and gives the thought that results in not only answers to difficult questions but education to providers asking for advice  his consults are thorough  analysis comprehensive and advice geared to the most effective approach  we are fortunate to have him as a consultant'  ui have reviewed many of dr saghafi's answers and consultations he has excellent clinical acumen and a kind and gracious manner his documentation is among the best i have reviewed i would certainly recommend him to any of my patients as an accomplished neurologist]
476,[u'dr shiller is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr shiller is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
477,[u'this doctor is the best  dr sabb injected my shoulder with us gidance  i did not feel it at all!  my shoulder was better in seconds!  i had not felt that good since before playing football at the university of michigan'  u'dr sabb is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr sabb is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
478,[u'dr ricotta is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr ricotta is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'i am grateful for this doctor this thanksgiving!']
479,[u'dr elmore is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr elmore is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
480,[u'dr irizarry is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr irizarry is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr irizarry is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'i kept wondering about this question and somebody finally answerd it'  u'he is straight forward and to the point'  u'his response time was impressive']
481,[u'our current aafp president  if this md has the trust of the majority of fm doctors in the nationyou can trust him with his answers  thank you for your leadership  to the future of dpc:)am sure will have future discussions with you and dr forrest'  u'i was taught by dr blackwelder in medical school and still remember his words of wisdom and his love of family medicine and wellness'  u'a fantastic and dedicated physician great answers and very helpful! thank you!'  u'helpful  experienced physician who offers great answers on healthtap!'  u'excellent doctor and an asset to healthtap'  u'gives good medical advice and is caring']
482,[u'dr fleishman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr fleishman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
483,[u'dr simpson is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr simpson is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr simpson is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
484,[u'i recommend dr herrington  thorough and knowledgeable'  u'very accurate and timely answers'  u'recommended']
485,[ui highly recommend dr killian for his dedication and excellent and straightforward responses on healthtap he is clearly very knowledgeable in the area of human sexuality and sexually transmitted diseases as well as in men's health and excellent addition to the healthtap team  ui see dr k on line often giving expert and knowledgeable advice from a variety of topics including : human immunodeficiency virus  sexually transmitted infections  aids  gay  lesbian and transgender health  men's health he is a major contributer to the health tap community  udr killian has a vast amount of knowledge and a great ability to separate the wheat from the chaff in answering questions with clarity and wit i appreciate learning from him as much as i'm sure the readers do  too  u'dr killian is informative  clear  compassionate and interesting i look forward to seeing his replies and comments i always learn things that are helpful and often thought provoking a great resource!'  u'dr killian is very knowledgeable and his answers are a great resource to patients here on health tap  i find myself learning a lot from reading his entries'  u'outstanding and to the point answers and advice obviously a very knowledgeable  caring and dedicated doctor']
486,[u'i am grateful to drgrin for educating not only myself  but all of us here at healthtap about pain management  and  moreover  i am grateful to him for his openness to the effects of psychotherapy i have encountered many pain practitioners who devalue therapy as being unneeded  and that medication solves everything no so for dr grin  and i am relieved he is more forward thinking & collaborative!'  u'what a great guy  excellent physician  wonderful colleague and all around genius in the area of pain as well in a surprising range of other areas  i learn from him every day and have recommended that my own daughter read his information to help sort out her tmj  he does not hesitate to tackle any question and returns clear explanations of the most complex issues seasoned with true compassion'  u'dr grin is a wonderful colleague and physician he is knowledgeable in multiple areas not only in the scope of pain management his genuine compassion is evident not only in the way he cares for patients  but for the community of physicians here on healthtap as well we are all lucky to have him share his wisdom with us!'  u'i am endorsing dr grin he is providing an excellent service to the public on healthtap the medical information  dr grin provides is accurate & understandable dr grin is clearly very knowledgeable about pain management and medicine in general'  uhave been reading dr grin's responses and have been impressed with his lucid explanations of issues that are difficult to explain to non-medical personnel he is thorough  concise  and provides excellent advice  u'i highly endorse dr paul grin as a healthtap and healthtap prime as an expert his commentaries and clinical insights are astute and educational to both patients and physicians he is an asset to our community']
487,[u'dr achong has given great  practical  and caring answers to all the questions i have seen him answer  i would have no difficulty referring patients into his care'  u'dr achong is extremely knowledgeable  dedicated  informative and articulate with his spot on answers  his patients are lucky to have him as their doctor!'  ui am impressed with dr achong's depth of knowledge and commitment to dentistry i recommend dr achong to anyone in need of oral surgery services  u'dr achong is a cogent thinker who takes time to submit compehensive answers which is reflective of his desire for providing outstanding care'  u'informative  thoughtful answers dr achong has consistently provided excellent information for both patients and other practitioners'  u'i recommend you as a well know expert in your field\r\ndr jakavick would recommend this dr to all who seek their expertise']
488,[u'to the point  accurate and very pleasant']
489,[u'dr bathaee is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr bathaee is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
490,[u'dr joshi is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr joshi is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
491,[u'dr chin-ti lin is a unique physician & individual his excellent & accurate answers are more than credit worthy because they help the individuals asking hem  help anyone else with similar queries & enhance both reliability & stature of healthtap more than that  dr lin is a philosopher urologist dedicated to making this world a better place check his website: wwwformefirstcom i salute him'  u'dr chin-ti lin is an excellent physician and urologist! he cares about the total person and emphasizes education and integrated  holistic treatments including adopting a healthy attitude and lifestyle changes prior to using more invasive techniques he provides answers in easy to understand language'  u'dr james lin appears to be highly intelligent  knowledgeable in his field  and has an excellent feel for patient concerns and comfort levels his advice is pragmatic  addresses the problems inquired about clearly and accurately and i would strongly recommend him'  u'dr chin-ti lin s a phenomenal asset to healthtap his recommendations are spot-on and his years of experience certainly shines through i even find myself learning from his knowledge in the field of urology thanks for your contribution!'  u'dr chin is wise  fun  and  so readable  he always brings smile to my face  with his sense of humor  he is the doctor that you and your family can trust because he is very knowledgable and compassionate i high recommend dr chin'  u'i endorse dr chin-ti lin he is clearly an exceptionally knowledgeable urologist he provides accurate  thorough  understandable and spot on medical education to the public it is great to work on the same team as him']
492,[u'dr kansal is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr kansal is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
493,[u'i would recommend and endore dr davantizis without hesitation  dr davantzis does all he can to not only cut through the confusion that patients struggle with  but he does so with well-thought out and meaningful answers  he truly cares not only for his patients  but for the profession of dentistry'  u'i endorse this dentist  i have known dr davantzis professionally and personally for many years  his clinical and interpersonal skills are outstanding  he truly cares for his patients as if they were his own family  i would highly recommend him to anyone in need of dental care'  u'it is a pleasure to speak on behalf of a trusted and proficient colleague whom i have known for 30 years  ted is an intelligent  articulate  compassionate and highly capable clinician  his patients are quite fortunate to have him as their dentist'  u'dr davantzis demonstrates a clear commitment to the dental profession  and to the community his posts on avvo reflect his vast knowledge and expertise  i believe that he is an asset to his profession and to his patients!'  u'i endorse dr davantzis for his ongoing effort to help patients in need of dental advice  for his vast knowledge  and with whom i share his philosophies concerning dental treatment  he is a credit to our profession'  u'dr davantzis gives clear answers and explanantion in a very kind tone  i find myself in agreement with dr davantzis and i endorse this dentist  thank you dr davantzis for your professionalism\nzev kaufman  dds']
494,[u'excellent family physician']
495,[udr rivera-godreau is dedicated to her patients i've personally worked with her for several years  and she's on of the few doctors (actually!) that i would entrust with my own family members keep up the good work doc!  u'i highly endorse dr ivelisse rivera-godreau as an expert on healthtap and healthtap prime her comments are astute and educational for both patients and physicians she is an asset to the healthtap community'  u'dr rivera-godreau consistently gives thoughtful   straightforward  helpful answers to patient questions  and i learn a lot from her responses i find her to be caring and kind and i highly recommend her'  u'dr rivera-godreau is a caring physician with rich experience and knowledge in medicine  she brings a great outlook to her patients!'  u'dr brand is a highly knowledgeable and compassionate doctor enjoy reading her answers recommended'  u'insightful responses that addresses patients concerns clearly great doc!']
496,[u'dr linnell is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr linnell is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
497,[u'i commend dr quon for his wealth of knowledge  and his consistently outstanding advice which is always to the point  comprehensive and articulate'  u'an excellent physician and resource for the people of mississippi'  u'thoughtful  insightful answers'  u'great oral surgeon!!']
498,[u'i recommend this physician  she is caring and knowledgeable']
499,[u'being trained  licensed  & board certified both medically (both otolaryngology and facial plastic & reconstructive surgery) and dentally (oral & maxillofacial surgery) drgallia is in possession of an incredibly impressive breadth of training  knowledge  and experience in his field  his answers to questions are clear  precise  & very helpful &it is my pleasure to recommend him very highly indeed'  u'although i live far from dr lou  i have had the chance to see his recommendations  his accolades and his patient satisfaction i highly recommend dr lou for his experience  recognition nationally and his devotion to his community of patients'  u'great doctor he gets right to the point  addresses the issue in a straightforward manner and tells you who to follow up with what more could you want glad to have him here on healthtapcom impressed with his tmj expertise'  u'i have known dr gallia to be extremely knowledgable as an oral surgeon and have been very pleased with the way he has teated my patients  i have no hesitation in recommending him'  u'dr gallia is an expert in his field and i highly recommend searching him out for answers relating to ent  maxillofacial  tmj  and other related areas of interest!'  u'not your basic or all surgeon  best of the best! very experience oral surgeon many additional specialties definitely in good hands and highly recommended!']
500,[u'i commend dr quon for his wealth of knowledge  and his consistently outstanding advice which is always to the point  comprehensive and articulate'  u'an excellent physician and resource for the people of mississippi'  u'thoughtful  insightful answers'  u'great oral surgeon!!']
501,[u'dr thomas yash  is extremely professional and excellent dentist  he is the best dentist in cincinnati  oh i am learning a lot from him highly recommended 5 stars!'  u'great dds!!!']
502,[u'dr qayyum is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr qayyum is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
503,[u'dr greenberg is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr greenberg is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
504,[ui have enjoyed and learned from dr hoepfner's responses on this website  he demonstrates a wide ranging knowledge of medicine  yet is able to provide concise  relevant answers to patients' questions i recommend him  u'an excellent resource for patients and an asset to healthtap anybody who takes their personal time  to answer patient questions and does so without anything in return is fine by me'  u'i endorse this doctor  excellent information provided through avvocom as a public service very knowledgable with concise and helpful responses'  u'very knowledgable and quick responses  we need more doctors like dr hoepfner   excellent excellent!'  u'great  succinct answers to complex questions on healthtap  i recommend dr hoepfner'  u'a knowledgeable  caring  and dedicated physician']
505,[udrdavis comes to ht with unique medical training background and unique skills  and with that comes her unique answers and insights here on this forum she is a competent  dedicated  compassionate physician and it's truly a pleasure to recommend her  udr davis is a very knowledgeable  hardworking physician she provides helpful  practical responses to all kinds of questions in adult and pediatric medicine  i'm glad to have her as a healthtap colleague  and highly recommend her  u'dr davis has shown a level of caring and straight-forward communication that is rare in doctors today  she is a genuine individual with an obvious dedication to her patients  she has my highest recommendation !'  u'dr davis is very smart and give great advice  her background as a clinical pharmacist certainly enhances her understanding of complex medical conditions and treatments  she has my highest recommendation!'  u'dr davis is an extremely knowledgeable and caring physician and i continue to learn from reading her answers she is an asset to her patients and the healthtap community'  u'a concise answer  compassion and experience is what you will get when dr davis answers one of your questions  such a great value to the healthtap community!']
506,[u'dr kinninger is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr kinninger is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'this doctor game very sound advice and answered very quickly']
507,[u'dr harper has been admired and recommended for all he is and all he does in the interest of his patients  i must agree all and especially with the most compelling of these accolades  from aaron h  who confirms that dr harper is not only an amazing physician but  also  an amazing father  there is no greater praise and it is obviously well deserved'  umost people spend more time shopping for a new car than they select a physician it's important to find a physician you trust and feel comfortable with dr irving w harper  iii is the only one you need to know he is a human being who cares about people i'm really learning a lot from him highly recommended!  udr harper's crystal clear vision & thinking  brief succinct statements to the point  broad encompassing knowledge  and openhearted passion have driven me to recommend him to anyone needing his personal attention  care  and service go to him; he will and can help  u'dr harper is a very knowledgeable and compassionate doctor who gives practical and sensible advice i enjoy reading his answers highly recommended '  udr harper's tips and answers show he is a caring and dedicated physician health tap is lucky to have his experience and expertise  u'respected specialist in internal medicine gives quick  informative answers highly recommend']
508,[u'i have been following dr singh\'s answers for some time and am impressed in how easily his answers get right to the heart of the questions you might say that his answers all have a certain pop to them'  u'your dedication and commitment to providing quality health consultation on healthtap is greatly admired and a true benefit to your patients keep up the good work'  udr singh provides very informative answers that are right on track with the questions asked  he's a wonderful asset to the healthtap community!  u'dr singh  addresses patient questions in a concise  clear manner  with  links for additional information  excellent physician!'  u'prolific and insightful  dr singh is an important contributor valued by his patients and his physician colleagues'  u'i recommend this doctor  very insightful and i learn something new from these answers']
509,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'mark enjoys helping his clients return back to normal- dave burns']
510,[u'dr achong has given great  practical  and caring answers to all the questions i have seen him answer  i would have no difficulty referring patients into his care'  u'dr achong is extremely knowledgeable  dedicated  informative and articulate with his spot on answers  his patients are lucky to have him as their doctor!'  ui am impressed with dr achong's depth of knowledge and commitment to dentistry i recommend dr achong to anyone in need of oral surgery services  u'dr achong is a cogent thinker who takes time to submit compehensive answers which is reflective of his desire for providing outstanding care'  u'informative  thoughtful answers dr achong has consistently provided excellent information for both patients and other practitioners'  u'i recommend you as a well know expert in your field\r\ndr jakavick would recommend this dr to all who seek their expertise']
511,[u'i believe that dr marvin ott  takes a personal interest in his patients and takes the necessary time to understand their issues he continuously puts patient care as his top priority  even sacrificing his spare time to do so he is a true medical professional  and human  understanding person'  u'dr ott is a highly conscientious emergency medicine physician who uses his accumulated knowledge and experience  to provide the best outcomes for those under his care'  u'i recommend dr ott as a great teacher and clinician he consistently gives clear and helpful answers to patients on healthtap'  u'i would not hesitate to seek out the expertise of dr ott for any member of my family keep up the great work  marvin!'  u'i highly recommend dr marvin ott for his succint  often witty  always pertinent  insightful answers'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
512,[u'i endorse this dentist i have had the privilege and pleasure of knowing dr sandler for close to 20 years my experiences of working with him have been always positive patient feedback is always exceptional and patients expectations have been met and exceeded he is a kind  caring and compassionate man who seeks perfection in his work dr sandler is constantly being educated with the newest knowledge and techniques in his field'  ui have followed dr sandler's comments to patients and practitioners alike for several months his answers to patients are caring  thorough  and obviously fully researched his advice to practioners is spot on--a trusted and erudite member of the dental community it is a privilege to include him in my network of health care providers and resources  u'dr sandler provides excellent advice to patients and peers his advice is consistent with a high standard of care his answers to questions on this site are well thought out and consistent with the kind of care i expect in a true dental professional it is my pleasure to endorse him'  u'dr sandler is that one of a kind of professional that unfortunately is sometimes hard to find  his expertise and professionalism is outstanding and seems to only follow his heart and compassion for patients  i am proud to have met dr sandler and i can not recommend him enough'  ui have been impressed by dr sandler's professionalism  he responds with care and passion and often goes beyond the call of duty in providing useful information in his answers  i consider his patients to be lucky to have him as their dentist i endorse him without reservations  ui know dr sandler from the avvo community and i have experienced his commitment to his patients and dentistry it's rare to find someone who makes an active effort to improve the field and it is from this that i am confident that dr sandler will not disappoint]
513,[u'being trained  licensed  & board certified both medically (both otolaryngology and facial plastic & reconstructive surgery) and dentally (oral & maxillofacial surgery) drgallia is in possession of an incredibly impressive breadth of training  knowledge  and experience in his field  his answers to questions are clear  precise  & very helpful &it is my pleasure to recommend him very highly indeed'  u'although i live far from dr lou  i have had the chance to see his recommendations  his accolades and his patient satisfaction i highly recommend dr lou for his experience  recognition nationally and his devotion to his community of patients'  u'great doctor he gets right to the point  addresses the issue in a straightforward manner and tells you who to follow up with what more could you want glad to have him here on healthtapcom impressed with his tmj expertise'  u'i have known dr gallia to be extremely knowledgable as an oral surgeon and have been very pleased with the way he has teated my patients  i have no hesitation in recommending him'  u'dr gallia is an expert in his field and i highly recommend searching him out for answers relating to ent  maxillofacial  tmj  and other related areas of interest!'  u'not your basic or all surgeon  best of the best! very experience oral surgeon many additional specialties definitely in good hands and highly recommended!']
514,[u'dr kanter is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr kanter is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
515,[udr schleimer  simply stated  amazes me with his vast knowledge  independent thinking  spot on answers  professionalism and articulate responses  i'm sure his patients are lucky to have him as their dentist and receiving the highest quality dentistry  u'dr schleimer  is very knowledgeable  his answers reflect  the  understanding  of  dental  health that comes with experience  and education we can all learn and  benefit from this doctor'  u'with all of the prefabricated mcbraces out there dr schleimer is one who focuses on what is best for the patient  not selling what people want when it is not sound'  u'thorough  precise & detailed very impressive'  u'accurate and timely opinions'  u'i recommend this physician!']
516,[u'dr morell is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower9'  u'dr morell is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr morell is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr morell is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'he looks like he knows what hes doing so im going to make him mine'  u'quick and clear answers']
517,[u'dr gorges is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr gorges is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'because you answered my question!']
518,[u'i recommend dr conovalciuc he provides really interesting (& spot on) responses on healthtap  his responses are often not run of the mill - which is why i enjoy reading & learning from them here is clearly very knowledgeable about medicine he is providing an excellent service to the public on healthtap i endorse dr conovalciuc'  u'dr conovalciuc is a fantastic family physician who not only cares for his patients in person but for those in this online community by giving clear & thoughtful answers on a regular basis in the process  he teaches the rest of us & reminds us of why we entered this profession in the first place thank you  dr c!'  udr conovalciuc's answers are clear  easy for patients to understand  and show his experience and tremendous breadth of knowledge he seems to be a very caring person and a great asset  to health tap  u'dr conovalciuc is the most versatile  knowledgeable  compassionate doctor  he goes out of his way to help millions of people by participating actively in this project'  u'dr conovalciuc consistently gives clear  helpful and compassionate answers to patients on healthtap i recommend him as a kind and knowledgeable physician'  u'dr conovalciuc it generous with his time to one and all  i am glad i got to know him on healthtap  and learn from him']
519,[u'i have been impressed with dr minich pointed answers with knowledge  depth  wit  and kindness so  i highly recommend her to anyone looking for care / service from her specialty without reservation \r\n\r\n(james) chin-ti lin  md'  u'dr minich is a dedicated doctor  who has been actively answering complex medical questions with compassion  and insight she provides practical and solutions  and recommendations for patients great healthteam expert'  u'i highly endorse dr diane mimich as an expert in her field and as an asset to the healthtap community of experts she is knowledgeable  insightful and empathetic i think that she is an asset  to our physician panel'  u'i have learned a great deal from dr minich here on healthtap and have learned a great deal from her thoughtful  expert  and helpful answers to her patients i look forward to learning more from her!'  u'i recommend dr minich she is providing a valuable service to the public via healthtap she provides sensible  accurate and respectful input i endorse dr minich'  u'dr minich is an extremely knowledgeable physician who obviously care greatly for her patients and their health she is a terrific asset to the healthtap community!']
520,[u'thanks for your contribution at health tap'  u'fantastic answers a great physician!']
521,[u'great answers!'  u'great doc!!']
522,[u'dr kattuah  has some wonderfully succinct and accurate answers  i highly recommend him  dr don e millner'  u'very knowledgeable with excellent  thorough  to the point  answers and advice'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
523,[u'i endorse this doctori have found dominic to be knowledgeable  reliable  patient centered and an all around good physician i refer to him without reservation'  u'i endorse this doctor excellent breath of knowledge and superb information provided through avvocom'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
524,[u'dr dyro is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr dyro is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
525,[u'very helpful doctor unfortunately my connection was cut off mid consult but he seemed thorough and asked questions'  u'dr sundar is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr sundar is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr sundar is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'helped put my mind at rest'  u'very helpful and clear']
526,[ui like & admire dr raff's stock of passion & compassion  wealth of specialty knowledge  and keen instinct to conjecture useful solutions beyond available facts so  i recommend her to anyone needing her specialty care/service without reservation \r\n\r\n(james) chin-ti lin  md  udr raff provides a tremendous service to patients with his expertise and caring manner he is certainly my go-to source when i need expert opinion  and i've learned a great deal from reading his answers outstanding!  u'excellent well thought out answers an excellent resource for patients and an asset to healthtap anybody who takes their personal time  to answer patient questions and does so without anything in return is fine by me'  u'dr raff has an outstanding breath of knowledge about infectious diseases and medicine in general he provides an exceptional public service through the education he provides via health tap i recommend dr raff'  udr raff gives sensible  direct answers to a wide range of questions  he teaches me a lot about infectious disease!  he's also a consistently positive presence on healthtap  and i recommend him highly  uyou can't get any better than dr raff  head of the id division when i was in med school and residency at u of louisville  he is extremely knowledgeable  but also a great teacher and a caring doctor]
527,[u'dr bey clearly has an exceptional knowledge base of psychiatry he provides a valuable service to the public through health tap  i recommend dr bey'  u'great response and highly recommended- dave'  u'good answers  provide helpful feedback']
528,[u'dr frazee is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr frazee is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
529,[u'dr jones singer is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr jones singer is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'great doctor thanks so much'  u'i m newly to this dr']
530,[u'dr blatman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr blatman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
531,[u'excellent physician  have referred many patients to him']
532,[uover 25 years in private practice\r\nboard certified in podiatric surgery and medicine\r\nmember of apma  fpma  and dcpma\r\ngave oral presentation at apha meeting denver co in 2010 topic was lumbosacral neuropathy and its effects on the foot and leg\r\none of america's top podiatrist\r\nfluent in english and spanish  u'dr gotman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr gotman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
533,[u'i do recommend dr anyanwu with no reservation  to anyone seeking for a caring  comprehensive care from his specialty because i have been impressed with his pointed answers to inquiry with knowledge  wit  and kindness\r\n\r\nso  see him whenever you may need his service\r\n\r\n(james) chin-ti lin\r\nwwwformefirstcom'  u'dr jovita anyanwu is an excellent diagnostician and a caring physician  this is evident in her clear  concise  and knowledgeable patient responses  her tip tap contributions are also very informative  i am pleased to serve with dr anyanwu as a colleague on healthtap'  u'dr anyanwu has been an excellent addition to the healthtap team her answers show experienced clinical judgment and are clear and to the point i recommend her without reservation d jacobson  md'  u'dr anyanwu has consistently shown thoughtful and useful advise to patients in his interactions he is an expert in his field \r\n\r\ni highly recommend him for your health care needs !'  u'i recommend dr anyanwu i look forward to reading the information she shares on healthtap she provides accurate  clear & compassionate responses i endorse dr anyanwu'  u'patient with all his answers despite questions that may seem trivial and unnecessary knowledgeable and kind in his replies to all questions thank you dr jovita']
534,[u'excellent  comprehensive and thoughtful answers that show compassionate care'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'very knowledgable doctor   great answers and a great doctor to follow!']
535,[uit is my honor and pleasure to forward a high recommendation for my colleague dr omrani i've read and enjoyed responses to patients which demonstrate a fund of knowledge that extends well beyond his declared area of specialization i believe this is important to a patient when they can see how well dr omrani is grounded in many facets of medicine  u'dr omrani provides balanced  wise and sound input on healthtap  his medical expertise & his compassion really come through he is providing an excellent service to the public on healthtap i strongly recommend dr omrani'  u'dr bahman omrani is highly knowledgeable  with extensive knowledge both in pain management as well as general medicine his answers are very  thorough and clear  i would highly recommend him to my patients and colleagues'  u'dr omrani is a an excellent doctor with a superior knowledge of pain management thank you for your great contribution on healthtap  dr omrani  it is my pleasure to highly recommend you'  u'dr bahman omrani is an excellent physician very knowledgeable passionate and on the top of his field he is a great value to the peolpe of  ca  and to the family of health tap'  u'dr omraini provides comprehensive  helpful answers on healthtap  his care for others comes through in his words and way of sharing them  thank you  dr omraini!']
536,[u'i have wanted to write this review for almost 5 months  each time i began to compose something i couldn\'t put into words the type of person dr michael wolfe is  frankly  i find it almost insulting to use the title doctor or even surgeon  not because he isn\'t an incredible one  but rather  because of the way he went above and beyond my expectation and experience of what a doctor (or surgeon) is  \n\nthis past year i was diagnosed with a mouth tumor and  after losing my sister to cancer just 2 years ago  you can imagine how worried my family and i were  dr wolfe made me feel like my family and i were his only patients  he freed up time on his busy schedule and always had time for me by phone  email or in person  in fact  for my very first appointment with him  he agreed to fit me in by tacking me onto the end of a very full day for him (after hours)  later  i came to find out that it was his birthday and he stayed late just to see me (knowing how worried my family and i were)  i only found out whil'  u'dr wolfe is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr wolfe is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr wolfe is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
537,[u'i am grateful to drgrin for educating not only myself  but all of us here at healthtap about pain management  and  moreover  i am grateful to him for his openness to the effects of psychotherapy i have encountered many pain practitioners who devalue therapy as being unneeded  and that medication solves everything no so for dr grin  and i am relieved he is more forward thinking & collaborative!'  u'what a great guy  excellent physician  wonderful colleague and all around genius in the area of pain as well in a surprising range of other areas  i learn from him every day and have recommended that my own daughter read his information to help sort out her tmj  he does not hesitate to tackle any question and returns clear explanations of the most complex issues seasoned with true compassion'  u'dr grin is a wonderful colleague and physician he is knowledgeable in multiple areas not only in the scope of pain management his genuine compassion is evident not only in the way he cares for patients  but for the community of physicians here on healthtap as well we are all lucky to have him share his wisdom with us!'  u'i am endorsing dr grin he is providing an excellent service to the public on healthtap the medical information  dr grin provides is accurate & understandable dr grin is clearly very knowledgeable about pain management and medicine in general'  uhave been reading dr grin's responses and have been impressed with his lucid explanations of issues that are difficult to explain to non-medical personnel he is thorough  concise  and provides excellent advice  u'i highly endorse dr paul grin as a healthtap and healthtap prime as an expert his commentaries and clinical insights are astute and educational to both patients and physicians he is an asset to our community']
538,[u'dr bardawil is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr bardawil is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
539,[u'dr jaffer is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr jaffer is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'incredibly informative  and caring doctor! thank you!']
540,[ui would recommend dr cislowski highly when i had chest pain there office got me in right away checked me out completely & found i had pulled a muscle in my chest felt just like a heart attack so thankful it wasn't then didn't just leave it at that but then scheduled a stress test to really make sure :-) i was fine but then he found i needed to start taking simvastatin for col keeping my heart healthy thank you dr cislowski & staff  u'dr c  as he is known in visalia  is an awesome cardiologist he is very knowledgeable  honest  and has a great sense of humor he tells me (the patient) the truth about my condition he does not order unnecessary tests but  most of all  he sits down and talks to me \nthank you dr cislowski'  udr c's office is friendly and on time  doctor listens to his patients and makes conservative recommendations for care  never testing just to be testing  i feel very strongly that i am getting the very best care for my heart  uwith dr cislowski the patient's needs come first  he is totally selfless and caring  only wanting to make me well without performing unnecessary tests or procedures  he is wonderful  u'i saw dr cislowski for a heart arrythmia and received excellent care  he was quick to diagnosis and treat me  i have had excellent care from him and his staff'  u'dr cislowski has done a great job with me  i recommend him without reservation']
541,[u'i endorse this dentist i have had the privilege and pleasure of knowing dr sandler for close to 20 years my experiences of working with him have been always positive patient feedback is always exceptional and patients expectations have been met and exceeded he is a kind  caring and compassionate man who seeks perfection in his work dr sandler is constantly being educated with the newest knowledge and techniques in his field'  ui have followed dr sandler's comments to patients and practitioners alike for several months his answers to patients are caring  thorough  and obviously fully researched his advice to practioners is spot on--a trusted and erudite member of the dental community it is a privilege to include him in my network of health care providers and resources  u'dr sandler provides excellent advice to patients and peers his advice is consistent with a high standard of care his answers to questions on this site are well thought out and consistent with the kind of care i expect in a true dental professional it is my pleasure to endorse him'  u'dr sandler is that one of a kind of professional that unfortunately is sometimes hard to find  his expertise and professionalism is outstanding and seems to only follow his heart and compassion for patients  i am proud to have met dr sandler and i can not recommend him enough'  ui have been impressed by dr sandler's professionalism  he responds with care and passion and often goes beyond the call of duty in providing useful information in his answers  i consider his patients to be lucky to have him as their dentist i endorse him without reservations  ui know dr sandler from the avvo community and i have experienced his commitment to his patients and dentistry it's rare to find someone who makes an active effort to improve the field and it is from this that i am confident that dr sandler will not disappoint]
542,[u'dr sparacino provides an excellent service to the public via health tap he is knowledgable about many areas of medicine and his responses are clear and helpful i recommend dr sparacino'  u'dr sparacino helps everyone by sharing his wide experience in such a thoughtful  responsive manner   his patients in mn are lucky to have him in person!'  u'outstanding consultant on health tap congratulations on top doctor 2013 level 25 is a real achievement'  ui am grateful for dr sparacino's expertise  and kind and thoughtful presence on healthtap!  u'i recommend this doctor  very insightful and i learn something new from these answers'  u'fantastic answers with great expertise   a great doctor to follow on healthtap']
543,[u'dr peralta is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr peralta is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
544,[ui enjoy reading dr keith's answers and learn a great deal from him works and collaborates well with patients and colleagues alike great asset to healthtap!  u'thank you for great answers']
545,[u'love the way he brings humor in to this answers while still giving the patients good scientific reasoning'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
546,[u'recommend dr munshower with the highest accolades  his answers on health tap are thoughtful  caring and scientifically accurate  he possesses the ability to answer patients questions intelligently while at the same time providing excellent health education and informing patients in a thoughtful manner  the highest recommendation'  umost people spend more time shopping for a new car than they select a physician it's important to find a physician you trust and feel comfortable with dr john c munshower is the only one you need to know he is a human being who cares about people  i'm really learning a lot from him highly recommended  ui see many of dr munshower's patients  i hear from them over and over how much they enjoy having him for their primary care doctor and that they think they are receiving excellent care from him  u'i fully recommend dr munshower to anyone needing his help as he seems to care deeply about his field of family medicine great physician and colleague and asset to the community at healthtap!'  u'dr john munshower is a knowledgeable  experienced  and caring physician  his responses are clear  concise  and practical  i am pleased to have dr munshower as a colleague on healthtap!'  udr munshower provides excellent  concise  accurate recommendations to patients' questions  that are well meaningful and relevant i value his contributions to the health tap forum]
547,[u'dr omurtag is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr omurtag is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
548,[u'i am honored to have the opportunity to critique my good colleague  dr rhoads  her warm and inviting personality is exactly what is needed to jump start any professional relationship she then  follows this up with a wealth of accurate medical knowledge demonstrating her clinical acumen as a family physician through & through my thanks for her collegiality & desire to be a part of this network'  ui don't think you can find a more skilled  bright  knowledgeable physician with the natural ability to make people feel at ease than dr rhodes i'm always happy to see her answers because i learn a lot from her bedside manner shes the kind of person that i imagine shines a light in every room she walks into healing is an art  and she is a gifted artist! keep up the strong work and kind smile!  u'what a find on healthtap! dr rhoads\' answers are friendly  easy to understand  yet right-on-point and comprehensive her kentucky patients are truly fortunate to have such a medical expert & resource at hand! i\'m following her feed with interest  & commend her to anyone looking for straight-up medical insight'  u'dr rhoads is a delight and asset to healthtap  not only are her answers clear  concise and helpful but she backs them up with data  i a great doctor to learn from and a great family doctor to consult!  i highly recommend her  kentucky is lucky!'  u'dr susan rhoads is a dedicated doctor  sharp  analyzes patient problems well  her rapport and lovely presence sets her high as a professional  reminds me of the true spirits of the real family dr  marcos welby style  rare in in our hectic times '  u'i appreciate the quality and caring of dr rhoads answers she knows so much and is so generous with her knowledge we all benefit from her contributions here and families in her community are fortunate to have her in person']
549,[u'i endorse this doctor he has provided consistently excellent information on avvocom his response are informative and the recommendations are on target'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'great  trustworthy and knowledgable responses on health tap'  u'i endorse this doctor']
550,[u'dr lewis is a very caring physician who shares practical  knowledgeable answers on healthtap  i always enjoy his posts  and patients are lucky to have access to him here!'  u'dr lewis is providing an exceptional service to the public on healthtap his expertise in family medicine and medicine in general is very apparent  i recommend dr lewis'  u'fast  fantastic answers to often complex questions  truly an asset to the medical community a true national leader in primary care medicine'  u'dr lewis gives thoughtful and knowledgable answers'  u'very bright physician'  u'a great physician']
551,[u'being trained  licensed  & board certified both medically (both otolaryngology and facial plastic & reconstructive surgery) and dentally (oral & maxillofacial surgery) drgallia is in possession of an incredibly impressive breadth of training  knowledge  and experience in his field  his answers to questions are clear  precise  & very helpful &it is my pleasure to recommend him very highly indeed'  u'although i live far from dr lou  i have had the chance to see his recommendations  his accolades and his patient satisfaction i highly recommend dr lou for his experience  recognition nationally and his devotion to his community of patients'  u'great doctor he gets right to the point  addresses the issue in a straightforward manner and tells you who to follow up with what more could you want glad to have him here on healthtapcom impressed with his tmj expertise'  u'i have known dr gallia to be extremely knowledgable as an oral surgeon and have been very pleased with the way he has teated my patients  i have no hesitation in recommending him'  u'dr gallia is an expert in his field and i highly recommend searching him out for answers relating to ent  maxillofacial  tmj  and other related areas of interest!'  u'not your basic or all surgeon  best of the best! very experience oral surgeon many additional specialties definitely in good hands and highly recommended!']
552,[u'always has great informative posts about ob/gyn  he is a great asset to healthtap'  u'very accurate and useful responses'  u'a caring and empathetic physician!']
553,[uwell  i can usually go through a physician's answers in an hour or so but dr alvis takes education to a whole new level  each answer references further material where in depth knowledge of the presenting concern can be obtained  answers and references are of extraordinary quality and based on what appears to be a highly superior intellect able to teach those of us not so endowed great teacher!  ui enjoy and learn from dr alvis' answers he is thorough  exact  in what he has to offer both patients and colleagues alike  as both immediate  and relevant! excellent bedside manner and we are lucky to have him here on healthtap!  u'dr alvis clearly is very knowledgable about preventive medicine & medicine in general  he provides an excellent public service on healthtap i recommend dr alvis'  u'a very knowledgeable  dedicated  caring physician whose contributions on this site are welcomed and much appreciated  an outstanding doctor to follow thank you!'  u'dr alvis is a great physician that gives insightful  useful  practical  and preventative advise!'  u'dr alvis enjoys helping his patients as  well as educating them in his area of expertise']
554,[u'dr lichten is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr lichten is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr lichten is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr lichten is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower4']
555,[u'dr kahn is an engaged and knowledgeable pathologist particularly when it comes to breast diseases'  u'excellent pathologist!']
556,[u'i find dr machanic to be a distinguished  caring  compassionate  and dedicated neurologist specializing in such difficult  complex cases i feel lucky to know him thru the healthtap network  as he has helped so many patients i am glad to meet him  and hope to continue our professional dialogue together  and learn from his vast knowledge base excellent advice given!'  u'dr machanic is a phenomenal asset to healthtap his recommendations are spot-on and his years of experience certainly shines through i even find myself learning from his knowledge in the field of neurology thanks for your contribution!'  u'dr machanic represents one of the most accomplished professionals in our network at healthtapcom his answers are extremely valuable for users and professionals equally  and his opinion is regarded with admiration to his excellence'  u'i have the pleasure of knowing dr machanic professionally and personally he is a caring physician  a wellspring of knowledge  and a funny guy! he provides valuable wisdom  information and perspective in the neurology community'  u'dr bennett machanic is a highly trained and expert neurologist who gives very good expert clinical opinions i highly recommend dr machanic to anyone who is seeking a consultation with a neurologist thank you dr machanic'  u'dr machanic provided a thoughtful response to a curbside consult on cidp  his willingness to help out with a clinical question is very much appreciated thank you  dr machanic!']
557,[u'dr king is leader in the field of phlebology   and has contributed significant original research to forward our understanding of the field dr king is knowledgeable   caring dedicated good humored and much more dr king embodies the best attributes of a physician and surgeon'  u'dr king stands amongst the best in the field of phlebology he is a compassionate  trustworthy  dedicated and competent physician'  ualways excellent trustworthy and well written meaningful answers to patient's questions an wonderful physician asset on this site  u'dr king is a most professional   knowledgable and caring physician who deserves great respect\ndr marsha davis'  u'dr king is a well-respected authority on the treatment of chronic venous disease'  u'intelligent  respected expert in phlebology and other areas\r\nhighly recommend']
558,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
559,[u'i endorse this doctor i was his patient  he displayed an unusual level of kindness  connectivity  and technical skill'  u'i highly endorse this doctor he is a skilled interventionalist and a caring physician'  u'i endorse this doctor outstanding physician'  u'i endorse this doctor  he can intervene'  u'i highly endorse this doctor'  u'i endorse this doctor']
560,[u'dr ali is extremely knowledgeable  his answers always provide a wealth of resources and accurate information his expertise in medicine and psychiatry together with his compassionate clinical excellence  give the best standard of ethics and care to health tap i highly recommend dr ali'  udr ali is always ready to jump in and help patients on healthtap! he's highly knowledgeable and shares his expertise generously i imagine his own patients consider him kind and approachable  and that they feel lucky to have him in their corner  udr ali is easily one of the most ubiquitous presences on healthtap -- sharing his huge breadth of knowledge  wisdom  and wit  i've learned a great deal from him  and am grateful for his presence here  thanks  dr ali!  u'i always see dr ali online giving expert advice on fear of heights  bipolar disorder  panic attacks  borderline personality disorder  adderall he also reviews apps and is a major contributer to the health tap community'  u'i recommend dr ali for his dedication to healthtap  his clinical judgment  his fund of knowledge and his empathic interaction with those asking questions he is an excellent clinician who responses can be trusted'  u'dr ali gives superb advice in so many different areas apart from his excellent answers to just about all branches of psychiatry i have personally learned much from and am very thankful to him']
561,[u'dr choi is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr choi is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
562,[u'good knowledgeable answers and caring approach'  u'thanks for taking such good care of the kids!'  u'accurate  precise answers  impressive'  u'very timely and accurate responses'  u'great answers very precise'  u'excellent physician!']
563,[u'great doc! wonderful answers thank you!']
564,[u'dr aufseeser is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr aufseeser is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
565,[u'dr patterson is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
566,[uimpressed by answers which convey an expanded perspective regarding complex clinical issues  providing doctor education  and patient understanding  these approaches reify the value of dr jaren's contributions to healthtap  udr jaren gives intelligent  thoughtful and easy to understand answers  he's a great resource  especially for neurologic questions  u'based upon the materials presented  dr jaren has reputable training and experience'  u'very knowledgeable physician with great resources  recommend without reservation!'  u'dr jaren is a great physician and educator thanks for all you do on healthtap'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
567,[u'being trained  licensed  & board certified both medically (both otolaryngology and facial plastic & reconstructive surgery) and dentally (oral & maxillofacial surgery) drgallia is in possession of an incredibly impressive breadth of training  knowledge  and experience in his field  his answers to questions are clear  precise  & very helpful &it is my pleasure to recommend him very highly indeed'  u'although i live far from dr lou  i have had the chance to see his recommendations  his accolades and his patient satisfaction i highly recommend dr lou for his experience  recognition nationally and his devotion to his community of patients'  u'great doctor he gets right to the point  addresses the issue in a straightforward manner and tells you who to follow up with what more could you want glad to have him here on healthtapcom impressed with his tmj expertise'  u'i have known dr gallia to be extremely knowledgable as an oral surgeon and have been very pleased with the way he has teated my patients  i have no hesitation in recommending him'  u'dr gallia is an expert in his field and i highly recommend searching him out for answers relating to ent  maxillofacial  tmj  and other related areas of interest!'  u'not your basic or all surgeon  best of the best! very experience oral surgeon many additional specialties definitely in good hands and highly recommended!']
568,[u'dr teal is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr teal is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
569,[u'dr tighe de soto is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr tighe de soto is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
570,[u'dr gabor  has an outstanding knowledge base of both diagnostic radiology and of medicine in general (across the board)  he is providing a valuable service to the public via healthtap i endorse dr gabor'  u'dr michael gabor is an excellent physician  very knowledgeable passionate  and on the top of his field he is a great value to the people of ny  and to the family of health tap'  u'dr gabor is a very knowledgeable and compassionate doctor always enjoy reading his insightful answers highly recommended'  u'understandable answers  educates us all both patients and doctors alike  generous and collaborative recommended to all!'  u'dr gabor has been an excellent consultant and is a great asset to thr healthtap prime physician community'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
571,[u'i recommend dr beresh  he is an asset to healthtap and is well respected in the medical community'  u'i believe he is honest and sincere  his knowledge is excellent'  u'will follow you on health tap'  u'highly recommended-dave'  u'very knowledgeable']
572,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
573,[u'i endorse dr park he is actively involved in providing health education to the public via healthtap he shares understandable  accurate & compassionate information i learn a lot from his entries'  u'a talented and experienced physician with exceptional level of dedication  it is an honor to have him here on healthtap  and in south carolina  highly recommended!'  u'very ac accurate & thorough!'  u'excellent physician']
574,[u'i endorse this doctor  i have extensive experience working with dr weber  and highly recommend him  dr weber is a skilled  artistic  compassionate surgeon who uses good judgement regarding surgical options  and achieves excellent results and a high level patient satisfaction'  u'i endorse this doctor dr weber is an accomplished and compassionate physician who is dedicated to the art and science of facial plastic surgery']
575,[u'highly recommend']
576,[u'very thoughtful extremely knowledgeable a great doctor a great human being it is my pleasure to be able to write this recommendation'  u'dr rafat provides excellent information on podiatry to the public via healthtap'  u'dr raft enjoys his practice and wants to share his knowledge-dave'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
577,[u'dr hunter is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr hunter is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
578,[u'i personally have had several patients see dr carter all have been pleased!']
579,[u'dr raja is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr raja is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr raja is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
580,[u'a great physician with accurate answers very helpful thank you!'  u'thanks for your contribution at health tap']
581,[u'dr mintz is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr mintz is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
582,[u'dr kass has consistently shown thoughtful and useful advise to patients in his interactions he is an expert in his field i highly recommend him for your health care needs !'  u'i asked him a question as a colleague and he was prompt to reply with advise  it shows he is committed and really cares'  u'i recommend this doctor  very insightful and i learn something new from these answers'  u'excellent doctor with diagnosis  treatment  surgery with excellent bedside manor'  u'dr kass provides excellent information on podiatry to the public via healthtap'  u'intelligent  accurate  kind answers\r\nhighly recommend']
583,[u'dr rohatgi is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr rohatgi is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
584,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
585,[ui learn from and enjoy reading dr khanna's answers to challenging questions  a real asset to healthtap and the public!  u'i recommend dr khanna as a leading doctor in family medicine because of her knowledge and commitment to her calling --'  u'very informative answers   always quick to respond to patients   definitely a great doctor!'  uanswers patient's questions in a timely manner  very knowledgeable!  u'if you are in need of a dedicated doctor   look no further'  u'i highly recommend dr yash  khanna   great  biography']
586,[u'dr wolfe is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr wolfe is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr wolfe is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'quick response and very helpful!']
587,[u'i highly endorse dr jeffrey bassman as an expert on health tap and healthtap prime his comments and insights are educational for both patients and physicians he is an asset to the healthtap community'  u'dr bassman is an extremely knowledgeable and dedicated dentist excellent answers and advice'  u'very knowledgable  fantastic answers with quick responses\nexcellent  excellent doctor!'  u'excellent responses to questions and very supportive of patients strongly recommended'  u'i highly recommend dr bassman and thank you for your contributions to healthtap'  u'a very knowledgable and compassionate doctor always gives very sound advice']
588,[u'dr fisher is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr fisher is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'definitely puts down thoughtful answers']
589,[udr cannon is a gifted and compassionate healer  and a great resource for expertise both here on healthtap and for her fortunate patients in altamont i would be happy to have her care for my family  and honestly  that's the highest compliment any physician could receive i highly recommend her!  u'i heartily recommend dr cannon she and i tend to work similar shifts on healthtap and i have the opportunity to review most of her answers and consultations he knowledge is broad and her comments are insightful i highly recommend dr cannon for r expertise'  u'dr cannon has a wealth of experience and an impressive range of knowledge  communicated to patients in a comprehensive and caring manner  i learn from her often i highly recommend dr cannon'  u'how lucky i am to have the opportunity to share webspace with dr cannon  generous  wise  and compassionate as she is  patients and colleagues who meet her are enlightened and uplifted'  u'highly respected by us all here on healthtap! gives great answers and in doing so  dr cannon teaches both colleagues and patients alike'  u'dr cannon has been an excellent consultant and asset to the healthtap community and her comments are always useful and constructive']
590,[u'dr haber is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr haber is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
591,[u'dr vasu brown has been an ardent supporter of  and active contributor to  healthtap as evidenced by her level 23 status (wow!)  i always enjoy her answers'  u'very dedicated healer  generous with her time and expertise  focused on helping people get well'  u'good answers  provide helpful feedback'  u'accurate  informative & precise!'  u'good conservative advice'  u'wow  bravo  excellent']
592,[u'i would recommend and endore dr davantizis without hesitation  dr davantzis does all he can to not only cut through the confusion that patients struggle with  but he does so with well-thought out and meaningful answers  he truly cares not only for his patients  but for the profession of dentistry'  u'i endorse this dentist  i have known dr davantzis professionally and personally for many years  his clinical and interpersonal skills are outstanding  he truly cares for his patients as if they were his own family  i would highly recommend him to anyone in need of dental care'  u'it is a pleasure to speak on behalf of a trusted and proficient colleague whom i have known for 30 years  ted is an intelligent  articulate  compassionate and highly capable clinician  his patients are quite fortunate to have him as their dentist'  u'dr davantzis demonstrates a clear commitment to the dental profession  and to the community his posts on avvo reflect his vast knowledge and expertise  i believe that he is an asset to his profession and to his patients!'  u'i endorse dr davantzis for his ongoing effort to help patients in need of dental advice  for his vast knowledge  and with whom i share his philosophies concerning dental treatment  he is a credit to our profession'  u'dr davantzis gives clear answers and explanantion in a very kind tone  i find myself in agreement with dr davantzis and i endorse this dentist  thank you dr davantzis for your professionalism\nzev kaufman  dds']
593,[u'dr grossman is a knowledgeable and dedicated dentist with well thought out and articulate answers'  u'excellent info']
594,[u'dr friedman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr friedman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
595,[u'great orhodontist!!']
596,[udr don millner is a thoughtful clinician who gives his opinions based on years of clinical experience he will venture into the areas of pro's and con's of certain treatments which shows his concern for the patients who submit their questions to healthtap i am very pleased to be able to have him as a  colleague here and i look forward to learning more from his input  u'dr millner provides concise  pertinent dental answers that are informative  comprehensive  and shares his sense of humor too his holistic dental perspective shows in letting patients know how important their dental health impacts their overall wellbeing  and body health they are related excellent health tap dental physician'  u'i fully recommend dr millner in his field of dentistry as he seems to care deeply about his treatments & advice for patients great colleague and asset to the healthtap community!'  u'dr milliner is an active and valuable member of the healthtap community he provides prompt and thoughtful answers and has helped thousands of patients'  uthis cosmetic dentist gives his knowledge whenever there's a question in his area of expertise  he is patient-oriented  very helpful and supportive  u'dr millner displays knowledge and compassion in his answers to these personal questions  he has earned a outstanding reputation among his peers']
597,[u'i endorse this dentist  \ni have worked with dr scharf on numerous cases over many years  i have found john to be a talented dentist who blends the science and artistic aspects of cosmetic dentistry  frequently exceeding the patients expectations  john remains an advocate for his patients and appreciates the steps required to have exceptional results'  u'i have worked with dr scharf for over 17 years and can say he is one of the very best cosmetic dentists i have ever worked with he is always available to discuss cases with me and is very caring towards his patients he is an asset to the dental community  and able to perform any procedures needed to treat all types of dental needs'  u'dr scharf has excellent cosmetic skills and has a long standing history of providing care   i know of countless patients that have also been pleased with treatments as simple as a tooth colored white filling to more complex care involving restored dental implants   i certainly endorse this dentist'  u'i have worked with dr scharf for over 25 years and have consistently found him to be an excellent and caring clinician he has a  passion for creating healthy and beautiful smiles we are fortunate to have this cosmetic dentist in chester county'  uas an associate of dr scharf's i've seen firsthand  numerous examples of his high-quality  aesthetic work   patients who come to dr scharf can not only expect to receive 'a new smile' but highly personable treatment  from a skilled clinician  u'i endorse this dentist  we have worked together on several patients and all have been extremely pleased with his final cosmetic restorations  they all stated they would return for future treatment if needed or desired']
598,[u'dr lenkowsky is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
599,[u'great responses recommend highly']
600,[uday after day  dr fowler answers scads of patient questions tirelessly while managing to handle each one with care and thoughtfulness she's earned the respect and admiration of many docs here as both a colleague and a leader - one who readily cheers us on and one who humanizes us all with the funny and folksy expressions that dot her answers (whoah nelly  indeed!)  hats off to dr fowler!  uwhen a physician has so many colleagues who admire her and her work  it should not be a surprise that she is an outstanding doctor but dr fowler has that something extra that almost seems magical she's a true humanitarian  and i consider it a blessing to have her be part of the healthtap community here's to you dr fowler  for all you are and do for patients and colleagues alike cheers!  ui've had the opportunity to interact with dr fowler for the last several months on the former avvo health website where she was the top doc bar none her answers to psychiatric questions are spot on and serve as an excellent source of information for non-psychiatrists this is complemented by her overall fund of general medical knowledge which she dispenses in a compassionate manner  uwow!  i decided to read the recommendations from other doctors before writing mine  five minutes later i still have not gotten to the bottom of the list  hard to add to all of this but i must say i love reading dr fowler's responses  concise  to the point and done with a sense of compassion and an endearing sense of humor  i highly recommend her and learn a lot from her  u'dr fowler is a conscientious contributor to the community  providing insightful opinions to people in need although many physicians are perhaps skeptical of the services this  and other medical information websites provide  there are a growing number of disenfranchised people out there who need some help  understanding  and kindness dr fowler helps provide all three'  ui only know dr fowler from interacting with her on avvocom  reading her answers  i can't help but sense the deep compassion this fine doctor possesses  she goes out of her way to answer people's questions  and will research topics that are not even in her area of expertise to provide assistance dr fowler comes across as a great doctor and a wonderful human being!]
601,[u'dr bausek is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr bausek is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
602,[u'dr beard is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr beard is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
603,[udr malerman is an invaluable resource for his thorough  sound advice  he has mastered the art of dispensing a large amount of wisdom in 400 words  as he says medical docs don't know much about matters in front of the tonsils  and i learn so much from his posts!  he also is not shy about reinforcing the wisdom of his peers in both the medical and dental profession  u'dr malerman is not only an expert in his field but knows a lot about everything!  he is a welcomed asset to healthtap and a great patient advocate  highly recommended'  u'dr malerman has consistently shown thoughtful and useful advise to patients in his interactions  i highly recommend him for your orthodontic needs !'  udr malerman provides informative  to-the-point responses on healthtap  he's clearly a knowledgeable and caring orthodontist  u'dr  malerman has a vast fund of knowledge that allows for effectively contributing to this online community of health'  u'dr malerman answers truthfully  understandably and is a fountain of vast dental knowledge i doff my hat to him']
604,[u'dr stastny enjoys his profession and helping patients'  u'great oral surgeon']
605,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
606,[u'dr tanya russo combines a deep understanding of the practice/philosophies of medicine with the ability to communicate her knowledge in language that is easy to understand  her answers are clear  thorough  and demonstrate kindness and compassion  she is a fine example of a healthtap physician'  udr tanya russo always provides excellent  relevant medical advice to her challenging cases as a healthtap prime doctor she's caring & compassionate toward her patients  and is highly regarded by all she is a welcomed addition to the healthap team  u'dr russo not only displays excellent knowledge of childhood disorders but  also a much broader knowledge of medicine in general  her manner is gentle but straight-forward  i would not hesitate to refer a patient to or consult with dr russo'  u'excellent knowledge base and communication skills highly respected expert in pediatrics and an impressive number of other medical fields i would take my own children to her without hesitation i recommend her very highly'  udr russo is an excellent clinician who i've had the chance to work directly with her attention to detail and well thought out plans make her a great asset to anyone's network she's also just a great all around person  u'dr russo is an excellent physician she provides great answers and tremendous care to her patients i learn from her and enjoy reading her answers to questions i recommend her highly!!']
607,[ui learn from and enjoy reading dr khanna's answers to challenging questions  a real asset to healthtap and the public!  u'i recommend dr khanna as a leading doctor in family medicine because of her knowledge and commitment to her calling --'  u'very informative answers   always quick to respond to patients   definitely a great doctor!'  uanswers patient's questions in a timely manner  very knowledgeable!  u'if you are in need of a dedicated doctor   look no further'  u'i highly recommend dr yash  khanna   great  biography']
608,[ui have enjoyed and learned from dr hoepfner's responses on this website  he demonstrates a wide ranging knowledge of medicine  yet is able to provide concise  relevant answers to patients' questions i recommend him  u'an excellent resource for patients and an asset to healthtap anybody who takes their personal time  to answer patient questions and does so without anything in return is fine by me'  u'i endorse this doctor  excellent information provided through avvocom as a public service very knowledgable with concise and helpful responses'  u'very knowledgable and quick responses  we need more doctors like dr hoepfner   excellent excellent!'  u'great  succinct answers to complex questions on healthtap  i recommend dr hoepfner'  u'a knowledgeable  caring  and dedicated physician']
609,[u'thank you for helping both patients and doctors with difficult medical questions and bringing your experience and expertise to us!']
610,[u'a fantastic surgeon! great answers  very helpful! thank you!']
611,[u'dr schneider  is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr schneider  is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
612,[u'dr cordas knows what he is talking about and he is able to gently but firmly get his point across he is a great asset to health tap!']
613,[u'i truly appreciate the work you guys do! thank you for being part of this community!  keep up the good work!'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'very timely and accurate responses']
614,[u'dr martin is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
615,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
616,[u'dr meyers is a respected hand surgeon that i have used with an excellent bedside manner  highly recommended'  u'dr meyers is an excellent hand surgeon and all-around great guy i endorse him without reservation']
617,[u'dr makowiec is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr makowiec is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
618,[u'dr freitag is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr freitag is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
619,[u'dr raviv is a wonderful and caring surgeon  and i would highly recommend him to any patient  he is a nationally recognized ophthalmologist']
620,[u'i highly recommend dr ho although she specializes in hematology and oncology - it is clear that her expertise extends well beyond that she provides accurate  informative and easy to understand information she is a real asset to healthtap'  u'compassionate  on-target answers from a very wise physician  dr ho is a wonderful part of the healthtap community  and provides excellent public service'  u'dr ho gives concise  pertinent information  and shares her vast knowledge and expertise over a wide variety of areas in medicine excellent work!'  u'dr ho has a vast fund of knowledge that allows for effectively contributing to this online community of health'  u'i recommend this doctor  very insightful and i learn something new from these answers'  udr liawaty ho consistently provides knowledgeable and caring answers she's great!]
621,[u'he is a surgical expert who is knowledgeable in hepatitis  inflammatory bowel disease  diet  nutrition\r\nwe are fortunate to have him contributing to the health tap community'  u'dr heller is a significant asset to healthtap  i always enjoy and learn from his comprehensive and easy-to-understand answers well done!'  u'an excellent gastroenterologist who provides insightful and educational answers'  u'thanks for your contribution at health tap'  u'highly accurate and timely responses'  u'i recommend this physician !']
622,[u'dr bluhm is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr bluhm is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
623,[ui have enjoyed and learned from dr hoepfner's responses on this website  he demonstrates a wide ranging knowledge of medicine  yet is able to provide concise  relevant answers to patients' questions i recommend him  u'an excellent resource for patients and an asset to healthtap anybody who takes their personal time  to answer patient questions and does so without anything in return is fine by me'  u'i endorse this doctor  excellent information provided through avvocom as a public service very knowledgable with concise and helpful responses'  u'very knowledgable and quick responses  we need more doctors like dr hoepfner   excellent excellent!'  u'great  succinct answers to complex questions on healthtap  i recommend dr hoepfner'  u'a knowledgeable  caring  and dedicated physician']
624,[ui like & admire dr raff's stock of passion & compassion  wealth of specialty knowledge  and keen instinct to conjecture useful solutions beyond available facts so  i recommend her to anyone needing her specialty care/service without reservation \r\n\r\n(james) chin-ti lin  md  udr raff provides a tremendous service to patients with his expertise and caring manner he is certainly my go-to source when i need expert opinion  and i've learned a great deal from reading his answers outstanding!  u'excellent well thought out answers an excellent resource for patients and an asset to healthtap anybody who takes their personal time  to answer patient questions and does so without anything in return is fine by me'  u'dr raff has an outstanding breath of knowledge about infectious diseases and medicine in general he provides an exceptional public service through the education he provides via health tap i recommend dr raff'  udr raff gives sensible  direct answers to a wide range of questions  he teaches me a lot about infectious disease!  he's also a consistently positive presence on healthtap  and i recommend him highly  uyou can't get any better than dr raff  head of the id division when i was in med school and residency at u of louisville  he is extremely knowledgeable  but also a great teacher and a caring doctor]
625,[u'dr conner is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr conner is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
626,[u'dr wallen is a powerhouse of medical information she is very knowledgeable about pediatrics and medicine in general she is providing a valuable service to the public via healthtap i endorse dr wallen'  u'dr wallen is knowledgable  compassionate  and answers questions with kindness and courtesy   she is the kind of doctor i would take my kids to if i lived in the columbus area'  u'dr wallen is a kind and caring physician she gives excellent advice to our healthtap patients she is a great asset to our community'  u'dr wallen is very knowledgable her answers are humorous  accurate  and easy to understand i recommend her quite highly'  u'very accurate and timely responses ']
627,[u'consistently thoughtful  accurate   and compassionate responses to our healthtap patients  i highly recommend him  and nominate him as a top doctor  on healthtap'  u'informative and accurate responses to eye care topics i recommend him for his knowledgeable contribution to healthtap'  u'knowledgeable and patient friendly responses on health tap'  u'seattle is lucky to have such a top doc!!'  u'very informative & precise']
628,[u'we are fortunate to have dr wint here on health tap i know him for many years and he is knowledgeable on hand and nerve surgery he is a major contributor to the health tap website'  u'dr wint in an exceptional hand surgeon and highly recommended'  u'dr wint has wide ranging knowledge and a wealth of experience'  u'dr wint is a highly knowledgable & capable hand surgeon'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
629,[u'i highly endorse dr jeffrey bassman as an expert on health tap and healthtap prime his comments and insights are educational for both patients and physicians he is an asset to the healthtap community'  u'dr bassman is an extremely knowledgeable and dedicated dentist excellent answers and advice'  u'very knowledgable  fantastic answers with quick responses\nexcellent  excellent doctor!'  u'excellent responses to questions and very supportive of patients strongly recommended'  u'i highly recommend dr bassman and thank you for your contributions to healthtap'  u'a very knowledgable and compassionate doctor always gives very sound advice']
630,[u'very timely and accurate responses'  u'nice answers great job!'  u'a great doc!']
631,[u'dr williams is very knowledgeable  i recommend him highly']
632,[udr dohan is the kindest  clearest-writing dermatologist that i've met here i've learned a great deal from him]
633,[u'i recommend you as a well know expert in your field\r\ndr jakavick would recommend this dr to all who seek their expertise'  u'truly a leader in the field of interventional radiology and an author of no nonsense  reliable ht opinions'  u'highly recommended and enthusiastic to helping his clients-dave'  u'highly recommend'  u'recommended']
634,[u'i highly recommend dr whitman  he is a world-wide leader in cataract surgery  and has a fantastic reputation']
635,[u'dr cooper is a phenomenal asset to healthtap his recommendations are spot-on and his years of experience certainly shines through thanks for your contribution!'  u'dr cooper give thoughtful and helpful answer he is an asset to healthtap'  u'great  thoughtful  and timely answers he is a big help on this network!']
636,[u'dr gromisch is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr gromisch is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
637,[u'great surgeon and caring doctor']
638,[u'recommend dr munshower with the highest accolades  his answers on health tap are thoughtful  caring and scientifically accurate  he possesses the ability to answer patients questions intelligently while at the same time providing excellent health education and informing patients in a thoughtful manner  the highest recommendation'  umost people spend more time shopping for a new car than they select a physician it's important to find a physician you trust and feel comfortable with dr john c munshower is the only one you need to know he is a human being who cares about people  i'm really learning a lot from him highly recommended  ui see many of dr munshower's patients  i hear from them over and over how much they enjoy having him for their primary care doctor and that they think they are receiving excellent care from him  u'i fully recommend dr munshower to anyone needing his help as he seems to care deeply about his field of family medicine great physician and colleague and asset to the community at healthtap!'  u'dr john munshower is a knowledgeable  experienced  and caring physician  his responses are clear  concise  and practical  i am pleased to have dr munshower as a colleague on healthtap!'  udr munshower provides excellent  concise  accurate recommendations to patients' questions  that are well meaningful and relevant i value his contributions to the health tap forum]
639,[u'an excellent gynecologist and a very caring doctor i highly recommend him']
640,[u'dr ellis is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr ellis is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
641,[u'dr shaikh is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr shaikh is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
642,[uimpressed by answers which convey an expanded perspective regarding complex clinical issues  providing doctor education  and patient understanding  these approaches reify the value of dr jaren's contributions to healthtap  udr jaren gives intelligent  thoughtful and easy to understand answers  he's a great resource  especially for neurologic questions  u'based upon the materials presented  dr jaren has reputable training and experience'  u'very knowledgeable physician with great resources  recommend without reservation!'  u'dr jaren is a great physician and educator thanks for all you do on healthtap'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
643,[uit is an honor to endorse and support dr alan zweig  i have constantly been impressed with his articulate  caring answers he's given to countless people in the avvo community   i'm convinced this is but a small reflection of how he is with his patients  i highly recommend dr alan zweig without hesitation  u'i have had the pleasure of collaborating with dr zweig in the treatment of many of his patients over the past 20 years having had the opportunity to observe the high standards dr zweig has set in his practice and the personal care with which he treats his patients  i heartily endorse and recommend him'  ui have known and worked with dr zweig as an orthodontist for the past 30 years  throughout this time i have found him to be very professional  caring and always placing the patient's needs and wants ahead of all else and delivering the best dentistry possible  u'i endorse this dentist i practice orthodontics very close to dr zweig\'s office he is an excellent dentist and stays ahead of the curve with the latest dental technology'  u'i endorse this dentist dr zweig consistently provides  excellent information on avvocom he is  exceptionally good at providing education through this format'  u'i endorse this dentist dr zweig is very knowledgable and willing to share a wealth of information to help dental patients make appropriate treatment decisions']
644,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
645,[u'a concise answer  compassion and experience is what you will get when dr krauser answers one of your questions  such a great value to the healthtap community!'  u'dr krauser is very knowledgeable and caring  he is a tremendous asset to the medical community and to healthtap  i highly recommend him'  u'thank you to my good colleague for providng some timely advice for my treatment on a neurology patient'  u'a treasured expert in his field  and very knowledgeable in many others\r\nhighly recommend'  u'i enjoy having dr krauser as a colleague on healthtap  he is an asset to healthtap'  u'knowledegeable and caring answers']
646,[u'dr mahajan is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr mahajan is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'very helpful information'  u'good']
647,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
648,[u'a concise answer  compassion and experience is what you will get when dr krauser answers one of your questions  such a great value to the healthtap community!'  u'dr krauser is very knowledgeable and caring  he is a tremendous asset to the medical community and to healthtap  i highly recommend him'  u'thank you to my good colleague for providng some timely advice for my treatment on a neurology patient'  u'a treasured expert in his field  and very knowledgeable in many others\r\nhighly recommend'  u'i enjoy having dr krauser as a colleague on healthtap  he is an asset to healthtap'  u'knowledegeable and caring answers']
649,[u'i highly endorse dr jeffrey bassman as an expert on health tap and healthtap prime his comments and insights are educational for both patients and physicians he is an asset to the healthtap community'  u'dr bassman is an extremely knowledgeable and dedicated dentist excellent answers and advice'  u'very knowledgable  fantastic answers with quick responses\nexcellent  excellent doctor!'  u'excellent responses to questions and very supportive of patients strongly recommended'  u'i highly recommend dr bassman and thank you for your contributions to healthtap'  u'a very knowledgable and compassionate doctor always gives very sound advice']
650,[u'dr inwood is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr inwood is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr inwood is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'tks for info  appreciate that you suggested more than one possibility'  u'i am grateful for this doctor this thanksgiving!']
651,[u'dr moroff is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr moroff is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
652,[u'i recommend dr conovalciuc he provides really interesting (& spot on) responses on healthtap  his responses are often not run of the mill - which is why i enjoy reading & learning from them here is clearly very knowledgeable about medicine he is providing an excellent service to the public on healthtap i endorse dr conovalciuc'  u'dr conovalciuc is a fantastic family physician who not only cares for his patients in person but for those in this online community by giving clear & thoughtful answers on a regular basis in the process  he teaches the rest of us & reminds us of why we entered this profession in the first place thank you  dr c!'  udr conovalciuc's answers are clear  easy for patients to understand  and show his experience and tremendous breadth of knowledge he seems to be a very caring person and a great asset  to health tap  u'dr conovalciuc is the most versatile  knowledgeable  compassionate doctor  he goes out of his way to help millions of people by participating actively in this project'  u'dr conovalciuc consistently gives clear  helpful and compassionate answers to patients on healthtap i recommend him as a kind and knowledgeable physician'  u'dr conovalciuc it generous with his time to one and all  i am glad i got to know him on healthtap  and learn from him']
653,[u'very accurate and timely responses']
654,[u'excellent response and answers   very good doctor to follow'  u'dr capehart shows caring and expertise nice!'  u'great dentist!!']
655,[u'dr nilova is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr nilova is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'i heart this doctor!']
656,[u'dr zwerling is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr zwerling is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
657,[u'dr ihle is a very knowledgable and capable orthopedist'  u'dr ihle gives excellent advice'  u'very talented physician'  u'good info thanks'  u'great doc !']
658,[u'dr sparacino provides an excellent service to the public via health tap he is knowledgable about many areas of medicine and his responses are clear and helpful i recommend dr sparacino'  u'dr sparacino helps everyone by sharing his wide experience in such a thoughtful  responsive manner   his patients in mn are lucky to have him in person!'  u'outstanding consultant on health tap congratulations on top doctor 2013 level 25 is a real achievement'  ui am grateful for dr sparacino's expertise  and kind and thoughtful presence on healthtap!  u'i recommend this doctor  very insightful and i learn something new from these answers'  u'fantastic answers with great expertise   a great doctor to follow on healthtap']
659,[u'great doc!!']
660,[udr malerman is an invaluable resource for his thorough  sound advice  he has mastered the art of dispensing a large amount of wisdom in 400 words  as he says medical docs don't know much about matters in front of the tonsils  and i learn so much from his posts!  he also is not shy about reinforcing the wisdom of his peers in both the medical and dental profession  u'dr malerman is not only an expert in his field but knows a lot about everything!  he is a welcomed asset to healthtap and a great patient advocate  highly recommended'  u'dr malerman has consistently shown thoughtful and useful advise to patients in his interactions  i highly recommend him for your orthodontic needs !'  udr malerman provides informative  to-the-point responses on healthtap  he's clearly a knowledgeable and caring orthodontist  u'dr  malerman has a vast fund of knowledge that allows for effectively contributing to this online community of health'  u'dr malerman answers truthfully  understandably and is a fountain of vast dental knowledge i doff my hat to him']
661,[u'dr meehan is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr meehan is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
662,[u'great doc! wonderful answers thank you!']
663,[u'dr abrutyn is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr abrutyn is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
664,[u'i endorse dr weisman board certified in neurology  behavioral neurology & neuropsychiatry - he brings a vast wealth of knowledge to healthtap the information he provides  is cutting edge  accurate and understandable  dr weisman is providing an invaluable service to the public via healthtap'  u'eric is one of the most brilliant and talented neurologists that i have had the pleasure of collaborating with in my functional integrated medicine practice   he is beautifully trained  and is extremely skilled  i recommend him without reservation'  uit is a pleasure to read dr weisman's responses he comes to healthtap with an impressive background in more than just medicine he is extremely well rounded his answers are poignant and straight-forward i recommend him highly  u'gives great answers to patients and collaborates generously and effectively with colleagues personable and easily approachable by one and all we are lucky to have him here!'  u'your dedication and commitment to providing quality health consultation on healthtap is greatly admired and a true benefit to your patients'  u'impressive and clearly caring specialist with a great skill for teaching those of us  who can only stand in the shadow of neurologists']
665,[u'dr sabel is a respected  careful  and thoughtful surgeon who takes care of each patient like he would a family member']
666,[ui have enjoyed and learned from dr hoepfner's responses on this website  he demonstrates a wide ranging knowledge of medicine  yet is able to provide concise  relevant answers to patients' questions i recommend him  u'an excellent resource for patients and an asset to healthtap anybody who takes their personal time  to answer patient questions and does so without anything in return is fine by me'  u'i endorse this doctor  excellent information provided through avvocom as a public service very knowledgable with concise and helpful responses'  u'very knowledgable and quick responses  we need more doctors like dr hoepfner   excellent excellent!'  u'great  succinct answers to complex questions on healthtap  i recommend dr hoepfner'  u'a knowledgeable  caring  and dedicated physician']
667,[u'dr hernandez is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr hernandez is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'awesome consult']
668,[u'dr lenkowsky is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
669,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
670,[u'i recommend this physician  she is caring and knowledgeable']
671,[u'dr lee is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
672,[uit's clear that dr holmes is a very knowledgeable and compassionate physician a great asset to health tap!  uaccurate  caring responses to patients' questions  a sound and experienced physician  uanswers patient's questions in a timely manner  very knowledgeable!]
673,[u'caring  knowledgeable  dedicated']
674,[u'he explained quite simply the differences between a ct scan and a pet scan and included the ct pet scan thank you for clearing this up for me'  u'dr lee is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr lee is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
675,[u'very informative and healthtap is lucky to have her']
676,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
677,[u'a concise answer  compassion and experience is what you will get when dr krauser answers one of your questions  such a great value to the healthtap community!'  u'dr krauser is very knowledgeable and caring  he is a tremendous asset to the medical community and to healthtap  i highly recommend him'  u'thank you to my good colleague for providng some timely advice for my treatment on a neurology patient'  u'a treasured expert in his field  and very knowledgeable in many others\r\nhighly recommend'  u'i enjoy having dr krauser as a colleague on healthtap  he is an asset to healthtap'  u'knowledegeable and caring answers']
678,[u'i would recommend and endore dr davantizis without hesitation  dr davantzis does all he can to not only cut through the confusion that patients struggle with  but he does so with well-thought out and meaningful answers  he truly cares not only for his patients  but for the profession of dentistry'  u'i endorse this dentist  i have known dr davantzis professionally and personally for many years  his clinical and interpersonal skills are outstanding  he truly cares for his patients as if they were his own family  i would highly recommend him to anyone in need of dental care'  u'it is a pleasure to speak on behalf of a trusted and proficient colleague whom i have known for 30 years  ted is an intelligent  articulate  compassionate and highly capable clinician  his patients are quite fortunate to have him as their dentist'  u'dr davantzis demonstrates a clear commitment to the dental profession  and to the community his posts on avvo reflect his vast knowledge and expertise  i believe that he is an asset to his profession and to his patients!'  u'i endorse dr davantzis for his ongoing effort to help patients in need of dental advice  for his vast knowledge  and with whom i share his philosophies concerning dental treatment  he is a credit to our profession'  u'dr davantzis gives clear answers and explanantion in a very kind tone  i find myself in agreement with dr davantzis and i endorse this dentist  thank you dr davantzis for your professionalism\nzev kaufman  dds']
679,[u'great ent doc!!']
680,[u'i endorse this doctor  dr agullo and i trained in plastic surgery together at the mayo clinic  he is one of the most intelligent and skilled surgeons with whom i have worked  highly recommended'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'very knowledgable doctor   great answers and a great doctor to follow!']
681,[u'dr mangat is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr mangat is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
682,[u'dr ibrahim provides pertinent information  and has excellent clinical skills he is also supportive and helpful to new doctors joining the healthtap team so that we can excel further in this platform of serving  and caring for patients'  u'dr ibrahim has extensive knowledge and experience and is able to communicate such in easy to understand terms he is highly ranked nationally in all categories! his responses can be counted on as being on the cutting edge of knowledge'  u'i fully recommend dr ibrahim to anyone needing his help as he has provided wonderful answers and seems to care deeply about his field of pain management  great physician and colleague!'  u'dr ibrahim gives valuable  clear  and understandable answers his experience  knowledge  and concern for patience is obvious a great asset to health tap'  u'i recommend dr ibrahim he is very knowledgable about pain managment and medicine in general he is providing an excellent public service via healthtap'  u'dr ibrahim is a caring physician he consistently provides excellent information to patients on healthtap he is a great asset to this community']
683,[u'dr amnet s a very knowledgeable and compassionate doctor who gives practical and sensible advice i enjoy reading his answers highly recommended'  u'dr ament provides a valuable service to the public on health tap his responses are informative and helpful i recommend dr ament'  ui enjoy dr ament's direct  to-the-point answers and wide breadth of knowledge  he's a great asset to the healthtap community!  u'dr ament is clearly a very experienced  highly knowledgeable  and compassionate physician great answers on health tap !']
684,[ui enjoy reading dr earle's answers and find myself agreeing and often learninfg something  he is clear  thorough and up to date  i recommend him as an excellent resource for your surgical questions  u'he is a surgical expert who is knowledgeablegroin hernia  hiatal hernia  hernia repair  hernia  gastroesophageal reflux disease\r\nwe are fortunate to have him contributing to the health tap community'  u'fast  fantastic answers to often complex questions  truly an asset to the medical community a true national leader in general surgery'  u'i recommend you as a well know expert in your field\r\ndr jakavick would recommend this dr to all who seek their expertise'  u'dr earle always provides reliable  excellent and accurate answers george klauber'  u'excellent and personable surgeon  highly regarded and expert in reflux treatments']
685,[u'dr  cox has a wonderful skill set and vast clinical experience  she has obviously helped many and facilitated health and peace of mind for lots of families  not only that--she speaks french!  tres bian!'  u'dr katharine s cox is an excellent physician very knowledgeable passionate and on the top of her field she is a great value to the peolpe of tn and to the family of health tap'  u'highly experienced and respected expert in pediatrics and pediatric emergency medicine great answers to questions highly recommend'  u'superb physician  simple and yet very informative answers to patient questions  answers tend to be calming and reassuring'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'dr cox offers succinct  actionable and compassionate advice']
686,[u'dr pollizzi is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr pollizzi is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
687,[u'i worked with one of his colleagues  only good things to say about this unique practice']
688,[u'dr stastny enjoys his profession and helping patients'  u'great oral surgeon']
689,[u'dr lundin has helped many of my patients with neurosurgical and spine care  i trust his expert opinions and would not hesitate to send my mother to him if she needed neurosurgical attention  i fully endorse dr david lundin'  u'a fantastic physician thank you!']
690,[u'i really enjoy reading the information dr bonuel provides  he has a holistic approach and clearly is capable of thinking outside the box in a way that really benefits patients  he is providing an excellent service to the public via healthtap  i recommend dr bonuel'  u'dr bonuel provides concise answers  and links for patients to learn more about their issues  and is an excellent doctor appreciate him being part of the health tap team of outstanding doctors'  u'i fully recommend dr bonuel to anyone needing his help as he seems to care deeply about his field of internal medicine great physician and colleague and asset to the community at healthtap!'  u'dr bonuel is a caring  knowledgeable physician who shares his time on healthtap generously  he answers questions with the whole person in mind  i recommend dr bonuel'  udr bonuel's posts are always thought provoking  one can truly see the commitment and passion to medicine  keep the great answers coming  u'thank you for caring and helping the health tap community of patients and doctors!  keep up the great job!']
691,[u'dr accurso provides a wonderful resource to patients & other doctors with his informational & caring accurate answers and personal style i trust him'  u'dr accurso is doing a fabulous job help not only the patients but fellow doctors!  i am so grateful for you!'  u'as a fellow radiologist i appreciate (and learn from) the excellent posts by dr accurso'  u'timely accurate answers  very happy he is answering questions on healthtap'  u'i enjoy learning from dr accurso---a welcome addition to healthtap']
692,[u'dr moroff is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr moroff is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
693,[u'i have been following dr singh\'s answers for some time and am impressed in how easily his answers get right to the heart of the questions you might say that his answers all have a certain pop to them'  u'your dedication and commitment to providing quality health consultation on healthtap is greatly admired and a true benefit to your patients keep up the good work'  udr singh provides very informative answers that are right on track with the questions asked  he's a wonderful asset to the healthtap community!  u'dr singh  addresses patient questions in a concise  clear manner  with  links for additional information  excellent physician!'  u'prolific and insightful  dr singh is an important contributor valued by his patients and his physician colleagues'  u'i recommend this doctor  very insightful and i learn something new from these answers']
694,[ui commend dr thaler for his consistently informative  to the point and articulate answers  it's obvious that he practices quality dentistry and cares about the well being of his patients  u'dr thaler among the best prosthodontists i know  i wish he was closer to the area where i practice  i trust dr thaler to get optimum results even with difficult cases'  u'i endorse this dentist dr thaler was an instructor of mine at temple dental school that i often saught out for help and guidance'  u'i endorse this dentist   dr thaler is a very skilled and knowledgeable practicioner  dr john whytosek'  u'i endorse this dentist'  u'i endorse this dentist']
695,[uexcellent answers and quick responses with very helpful and thoughtful information offered to patient's questions  u'top doctor']
696,[u'i am grateful to drgrin for educating not only myself  but all of us here at healthtap about pain management  and  moreover  i am grateful to him for his openness to the effects of psychotherapy i have encountered many pain practitioners who devalue therapy as being unneeded  and that medication solves everything no so for dr grin  and i am relieved he is more forward thinking & collaborative!'  u'what a great guy  excellent physician  wonderful colleague and all around genius in the area of pain as well in a surprising range of other areas  i learn from him every day and have recommended that my own daughter read his information to help sort out her tmj  he does not hesitate to tackle any question and returns clear explanations of the most complex issues seasoned with true compassion'  u'dr grin is a wonderful colleague and physician he is knowledgeable in multiple areas not only in the scope of pain management his genuine compassion is evident not only in the way he cares for patients  but for the community of physicians here on healthtap as well we are all lucky to have him share his wisdom with us!'  u'i am endorsing dr grin he is providing an excellent service to the public on healthtap the medical information  dr grin provides is accurate & understandable dr grin is clearly very knowledgeable about pain management and medicine in general'  uhave been reading dr grin's responses and have been impressed with his lucid explanations of issues that are difficult to explain to non-medical personnel he is thorough  concise  and provides excellent advice  u'i highly endorse dr paul grin as a healthtap and healthtap prime as an expert his commentaries and clinical insights are astute and educational to both patients and physicians he is an asset to our community']
697,[u'dr washburn is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr washburn is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
698,[u'dr ettinger is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr ettinger is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
699,[ui endorse dr chiu it's clear from his answers to challenging questions that he is indeed an expert in his field  he is a wonderful resource to healthtap and therefore to the public who needs sound medical answers  u'dr chiu is a very knowledgeable and compassionate doctor who gives practical and sensible advice i enjoy reading his answers highly recommended'  u'excellent fund of knowledge in his specialty thorough but to the point answers to questions'  u'good practical answers'  u'highly recommended-dave'  u'highly recommend']
700,[u'i have been impressed with dr minich pointed answers with knowledge  depth  wit  and kindness so  i highly recommend her to anyone looking for care / service from her specialty without reservation \r\n\r\n(james) chin-ti lin  md'  u'dr minich is a dedicated doctor  who has been actively answering complex medical questions with compassion  and insight she provides practical and solutions  and recommendations for patients great healthteam expert'  u'i highly endorse dr diane mimich as an expert in her field and as an asset to the healthtap community of experts she is knowledgeable  insightful and empathetic i think that she is an asset  to our physician panel'  u'i have learned a great deal from dr minich here on healthtap and have learned a great deal from her thoughtful  expert  and helpful answers to her patients i look forward to learning more from her!'  u'i recommend dr minich she is providing a valuable service to the public via healthtap she provides sensible  accurate and respectful input i endorse dr minich'  u'dr minich is an extremely knowledgeable physician who obviously care greatly for her patients and their health she is a terrific asset to the healthtap community!']
701,[u'i highly endorse dr jeffrey bassman as an expert on health tap and healthtap prime his comments and insights are educational for both patients and physicians he is an asset to the healthtap community'  u'dr bassman is an extremely knowledgeable and dedicated dentist excellent answers and advice'  u'very knowledgable  fantastic answers with quick responses\nexcellent  excellent doctor!'  u'excellent responses to questions and very supportive of patients strongly recommended'  u'i highly recommend dr bassman and thank you for your contributions to healthtap'  u'a very knowledgable and compassionate doctor always gives very sound advice']
702,[u'very accurate and timely responses']
703,[u'great doctor! wise and compassionate andwers  highly knowledgeble i certainly recomment dr ferranti!'  u'excellent critical care doc with wide spectrum of training and knowledge base recommend!'  u'all i can say is wow very impressive very impressive indeed  great job dr ferranti'  u'very accurate and timely responses'  u'expert pulmonary care specialist'  u'i recommend this physician!']
704,[uexcellent answers and quick responses with very helpful and thoughtful information offered to patient's questions  u'top doctor']
705,[u'i strongly recommend him for pediatric advice!']
706,[ugreat answers on healthtap  i'm very glad dr jakavick is here to help patients and educate all of us too!  i recommend him  u'i  recommend  dr jakavick  he is clearly  a  very knowledgable dentist         i am learning a  lot from him '  u'i highly recommend dr jakovic for his skills  knowledge  compassion  and precision !'  u'a very knowledgeable  dedicated and caring dentist excellent answers and advice'  u'dr william jakavick is an outstanding cosmetic dentist  i recommend him highly'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
707,[u'i have been impressed with dr minich pointed answers with knowledge  depth  wit  and kindness so  i highly recommend her to anyone looking for care / service from her specialty without reservation \r\n\r\n(james) chin-ti lin  md'  u'dr minich is a dedicated doctor  who has been actively answering complex medical questions with compassion  and insight she provides practical and solutions  and recommendations for patients great healthteam expert'  u'i highly endorse dr diane mimich as an expert in her field and as an asset to the healthtap community of experts she is knowledgeable  insightful and empathetic i think that she is an asset  to our physician panel'  u'i have learned a great deal from dr minich here on healthtap and have learned a great deal from her thoughtful  expert  and helpful answers to her patients i look forward to learning more from her!'  u'i recommend dr minich she is providing a valuable service to the public via healthtap she provides sensible  accurate and respectful input i endorse dr minich'  u'dr minich is an extremely knowledgeable physician who obviously care greatly for her patients and their health she is a terrific asset to the healthtap community!']
708,[u'dr mahajan is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr mahajan is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'very helpful information'  u'good']
709,[u'good knowledgeable answers and caring approach'  u'thanks for taking such good care of the kids!'  u'accurate  precise answers  impressive'  u'very timely and accurate responses'  u'great answers very precise'  u'excellent physician!']
710,[u'great dentist!!!']
711,[u'dr harris is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr harris is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
712,[u'dr john berryman is an excellent physician very knowledgeable passionate and on the top of his field he is a great value to the peolpe of  ca and to the family of health tap']
713,[u'i commend dr quon for his wealth of knowledge  and his consistently outstanding advice which is always to the point  comprehensive and articulate'  u'an excellent physician and resource for the people of mississippi'  u'thoughtful  insightful answers'  u'great oral surgeon!!']
714,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
715,[u'great answers  precise & thorough!'  u'i recommend this physician'  u'thanks for the input']
716,[u'dr khandelwal is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr khandelwal is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
717,[u'an overall excellent physician and spine surgeon who posses a special trait in diagnosis and treatment of back pain'  u'excellent and knowledgeable in both general orthopedics and in spine subspecialty'  u'excellent spine surgeon']
718,[u'looking forward to maintaining contact with you\nmichael kleerekoper'  u'great peds doc!!']
719,[u'dr buckman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr buckman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
720,[uthe dr beck is a highly competent and knowledgeable physician he is a welcome colleague on this network  on more than 1 occasion i have appreciated his points of view as we've discussed particulars of certain cases and i found his comments well deserving of attention and inclusion into consideration when deciding upon courses of action to take  u'dr beck is clearly  knowledgeable well beyond his field and communicates  a concern for patients that is seen in true healers  his surgical knowledge is complemented with a broad knowledge base across all aspects of medicine  his advice is clear  accurate and demonstrates the cutting edge of science (no pun intended)'  u'i highly endorse dr m hytham beck as an expert on healthtap and healthtap prime his comments and answers are astute and educational for both patients and physicians alike i feel that he is a great asses to the healthtap community'  udr beck is excellent!  very thoughtful in presenting his responses  it's a pleasure to have him as part of  the health tap team and someone to refer patients to when tough questions need to be answered!  u'dr beck is an outstanding surgeon and demonstrates exceptional knowledge and dedication he is certainly one of the top surgeons on healthtap and i hope to work together more in the future'  uan expert in his field with a vast general medical knowledge  truly an asset to healthtap and a wonderful patient advocate  i'd refer him all my  surgical consults if closer]
721,[u'dr blomquist is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr blomquist is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
722,[u'dr carr enjoys helping his clients and is very insightful with his answers- dave'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
723,[u'dr saltzberg is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr saltzberg is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
724,[u'dr cordas knows what he is talking about and he is able to gently but firmly get his point across he is a great asset to health tap!']
725,[u'dr radovic is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr radovic is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'very nice and was presice with his recommendations very thankful!!!!'  u'hello dr can you help me in diagnosing sle disease?'  u'i am grateful for this doctor this thanksgiving!'  u'he provided me with the information i needed']
726,[u'dr bernstein is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr bernstein is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
727,[u'a concise answer  compassion and experience is what you will get when dr mills answers one of your questions  such a great value to the healthtap community!'  u'thanks for your contribution at health tap']
728,[u'excellent hematologist/oncologist!'  u'high quality and timely opinions']
729,[u'dr blum is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr blum is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
730,[u'i highly endorse dr darrin cunningham as an expert on the healthtap and healthtap prime networks his commentaries are astute and educational for both patients and physicians alike and he is an asset to our community'  u'excellent sound advice from this doctor and he is an asset to healthtap'  u'precise  informative answers thank you for caring to help!'  u'a very intelligent  caring physician'  u'very high quality responses']
731,[u'i highly recommend dr ho although she specializes in hematology and oncology - it is clear that her expertise extends well beyond that she provides accurate  informative and easy to understand information she is a real asset to healthtap'  u'compassionate  on-target answers from a very wise physician  dr ho is a wonderful part of the healthtap community  and provides excellent public service'  u'dr ho gives concise  pertinent information  and shares her vast knowledge and expertise over a wide variety of areas in medicine excellent work!'  u'dr ho has a vast fund of knowledge that allows for effectively contributing to this online community of health'  u'i recommend this doctor  very insightful and i learn something new from these answers'  udr liawaty ho consistently provides knowledgeable and caring answers she's great!]
732,[u'i highly recommend dr ho although she specializes in hematology and oncology - it is clear that her expertise extends well beyond that she provides accurate  informative and easy to understand information she is a real asset to healthtap'  u'compassionate  on-target answers from a very wise physician  dr ho is a wonderful part of the healthtap community  and provides excellent public service'  u'dr ho gives concise  pertinent information  and shares her vast knowledge and expertise over a wide variety of areas in medicine excellent work!'  u'dr ho has a vast fund of knowledge that allows for effectively contributing to this online community of health'  u'i recommend this doctor  very insightful and i learn something new from these answers'  udr liawaty ho consistently provides knowledgeable and caring answers she's great!]
733,[u'very accurate and timely responses']
734,[u'dr maturani is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr maturani is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
735,[u'dr manuel is a remarkable and welcomed addition to the avvo community his answers are not only succinct and accurate  but they show just how much he cares for his profession and his patients i am honored to work alongside him i endorse and highly recommend dr manuel'  u'i endorse this doctor he has many years of experience  is dedicated and caring']
736,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'impressive ent---healthtap is lucky to have him']
737,[u'i really enjoy reading the information dr bonuel provides  he has a holistic approach and clearly is capable of thinking outside the box in a way that really benefits patients  he is providing an excellent service to the public via healthtap  i recommend dr bonuel'  u'dr bonuel provides concise answers  and links for patients to learn more about their issues  and is an excellent doctor appreciate him being part of the health tap team of outstanding doctors'  u'i fully recommend dr bonuel to anyone needing his help as he seems to care deeply about his field of internal medicine great physician and colleague and asset to the community at healthtap!'  u'dr bonuel is a caring  knowledgeable physician who shares his time on healthtap generously  he answers questions with the whole person in mind  i recommend dr bonuel'  udr bonuel's posts are always thought provoking  one can truly see the commitment and passion to medicine  keep the great answers coming  u'thank you for caring and helping the health tap community of patients and doctors!  keep up the great job!']
738,[u'i endorse this dentist i have had the privilege and pleasure of knowing dr sandler for close to 20 years my experiences of working with him have been always positive patient feedback is always exceptional and patients expectations have been met and exceeded he is a kind  caring and compassionate man who seeks perfection in his work dr sandler is constantly being educated with the newest knowledge and techniques in his field'  ui have followed dr sandler's comments to patients and practitioners alike for several months his answers to patients are caring  thorough  and obviously fully researched his advice to practioners is spot on--a trusted and erudite member of the dental community it is a privilege to include him in my network of health care providers and resources  u'dr sandler provides excellent advice to patients and peers his advice is consistent with a high standard of care his answers to questions on this site are well thought out and consistent with the kind of care i expect in a true dental professional it is my pleasure to endorse him'  u'dr sandler is that one of a kind of professional that unfortunately is sometimes hard to find  his expertise and professionalism is outstanding and seems to only follow his heart and compassion for patients  i am proud to have met dr sandler and i can not recommend him enough'  ui have been impressed by dr sandler's professionalism  he responds with care and passion and often goes beyond the call of duty in providing useful information in his answers  i consider his patients to be lucky to have him as their dentist i endorse him without reservations  ui know dr sandler from the avvo community and i have experienced his commitment to his patients and dentistry it's rare to find someone who makes an active effort to improve the field and it is from this that i am confident that dr sandler will not disappoint]
739,[u'dr gabor  has an outstanding knowledge base of both diagnostic radiology and of medicine in general (across the board)  he is providing a valuable service to the public via healthtap i endorse dr gabor'  u'dr michael gabor is an excellent physician  very knowledgeable passionate  and on the top of his field he is a great value to the people of ny  and to the family of health tap'  u'dr gabor is a very knowledgeable and compassionate doctor always enjoy reading his insightful answers highly recommended'  u'understandable answers  educates us all both patients and doctors alike  generous and collaborative recommended to all!'  u'dr gabor has been an excellent consultant and is a great asset to thr healthtap prime physician community'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
740,[u'dr desai is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr desai is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
741,[u'great doc good advice!'  u'colleague  nuc- doc!']
742,[u'excellent phyician']
743,[u'dr kishore is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
744,[u'dr gotvald is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr gotvald is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
745,[u'i endorse this dentist i have had the privilege and pleasure of knowing dr sandler for close to 20 years my experiences of working with him have been always positive patient feedback is always exceptional and patients expectations have been met and exceeded he is a kind  caring and compassionate man who seeks perfection in his work dr sandler is constantly being educated with the newest knowledge and techniques in his field'  ui have followed dr sandler's comments to patients and practitioners alike for several months his answers to patients are caring  thorough  and obviously fully researched his advice to practioners is spot on--a trusted and erudite member of the dental community it is a privilege to include him in my network of health care providers and resources  u'dr sandler provides excellent advice to patients and peers his advice is consistent with a high standard of care his answers to questions on this site are well thought out and consistent with the kind of care i expect in a true dental professional it is my pleasure to endorse him'  u'dr sandler is that one of a kind of professional that unfortunately is sometimes hard to find  his expertise and professionalism is outstanding and seems to only follow his heart and compassion for patients  i am proud to have met dr sandler and i can not recommend him enough'  ui have been impressed by dr sandler's professionalism  he responds with care and passion and often goes beyond the call of duty in providing useful information in his answers  i consider his patients to be lucky to have him as their dentist i endorse him without reservations  ui know dr sandler from the avvo community and i have experienced his commitment to his patients and dentistry it's rare to find someone who makes an active effort to improve the field and it is from this that i am confident that dr sandler will not disappoint]
746,[u'we are fortunate to have dr wint here on health tap i know him for many years and he is knowledgeable on hand and nerve surgery he is a major contributor to the health tap website'  u'dr wint in an exceptional hand surgeon and highly recommended'  u'dr wint has wide ranging knowledge and a wealth of experience'  u'dr wint is a highly knowledgable & capable hand surgeon'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
747,[u'dr wachsman is an excellent  caring internist  his background in pharmacology and research make him an ideal consultant for difficult cases'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'insightful responses that addresses patients concerns clearly great doc!'  u'great answer!']
748,[u'dr sleater is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr sleater is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
749,[u'i endorse this dentist i have had the privilege and pleasure of knowing dr sandler for close to 20 years my experiences of working with him have been always positive patient feedback is always exceptional and patients expectations have been met and exceeded he is a kind  caring and compassionate man who seeks perfection in his work dr sandler is constantly being educated with the newest knowledge and techniques in his field'  ui have followed dr sandler's comments to patients and practitioners alike for several months his answers to patients are caring  thorough  and obviously fully researched his advice to practioners is spot on--a trusted and erudite member of the dental community it is a privilege to include him in my network of health care providers and resources  u'dr sandler provides excellent advice to patients and peers his advice is consistent with a high standard of care his answers to questions on this site are well thought out and consistent with the kind of care i expect in a true dental professional it is my pleasure to endorse him'  u'dr sandler is that one of a kind of professional that unfortunately is sometimes hard to find  his expertise and professionalism is outstanding and seems to only follow his heart and compassion for patients  i am proud to have met dr sandler and i can not recommend him enough'  ui have been impressed by dr sandler's professionalism  he responds with care and passion and often goes beyond the call of duty in providing useful information in his answers  i consider his patients to be lucky to have him as their dentist i endorse him without reservations  ui know dr sandler from the avvo community and i have experienced his commitment to his patients and dentistry it's rare to find someone who makes an active effort to improve the field and it is from this that i am confident that dr sandler will not disappoint]
750,[u'dr michel is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr michel is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
751,[u'dr lane is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr lane is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
752,[u'dr machtinger is a knowledgeable  well-trained allergist with exceptional communication skills i would not hesitate to refer to him patients i had seen who are moving to san mateo or its environs'  u'dr machtinger is an outstanding allergist-immunologist it\'s great seeing him on health tap!'  u'gives very timely and knowledgeable answers to patient questions!'  u'your answers are always well thought out & written']
753,[u'dr fields is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr fields is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'i am grateful for this doctor this thanksgiving!'  u'i am grateful for this doctor this thanksgiving!']
754,[u'dr yang provide on point  excellent advice related to ocular conditions  and questions posed by patients his answers are relevant  concise and comprehensive excellent eye physician!'  u'dr yang gives thoughtful  clear  intelligent answers and is an asset to the healthtap community  i endorse him wholeheartedly'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
755,[ui endorse dr chiu it's clear from his answers to challenging questions that he is indeed an expert in his field  he is a wonderful resource to healthtap and therefore to the public who needs sound medical answers  u'dr chiu is a very knowledgeable and compassionate doctor who gives practical and sensible advice i enjoy reading his answers highly recommended'  u'excellent fund of knowledge in his specialty thorough but to the point answers to questions'  u'good practical answers'  u'highly recommended-dave'  u'highly recommend']
756,[u'i recommend dr weixel her input on healthtap is spot on  respectful  accurate & demonstrates a great deal of insight her responses take things deeper than  typical bread & butter answers & are thought provoking she is providing a valuable public service on healthtap  i endorse dr weixel'  usince making dr weixel's acquaintance on this network i have called upon her expertise a number of times she impresses me with her fund of knowledge  speed of response to referrals  and ability to educate  i highly recommend dr weixel to patients and colleagues  udr weixel's sound training and years of experience resound in all her answers  she is empathetic and supportive  as well as offering practical suggestions  in those many  areas were a pill alone is not enough  udr weixel's responses are clear  thoughtful  and often warmly humorous -- yet always respectful  her viewpoints add depth to discussions  she's a wonderful presence on healthtap  and i recommend her  udr weixel's answers are filled with good information  wisdom and compassion  i would definitely recommend that the reader pay attention to what she says  u'dr weixel has consistently shown thoughtful and useful advise to patients in her interactions she is an expert in her field i highly recommend her !']
757,[uexcellent answers and quick responses with very helpful and thoughtful information offered to patient's questions  u'top doctor']
758,[u'dr mcclurg is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
759,[u'dr olsen is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr olsen is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
760,[ueven though it's not his expertise  he gave me his honest opinion on next steps thanks doc  u'dr lee is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr lee is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
761,[u'dr bird is a highly knowledgable gyn specialist who has great judgment and a awarm bedside manner\r\ni highly recommend her'  u'great responses very impressive'  u'i endorse this doctor']
762,[ui commend dr thaler for his consistently informative  to the point and articulate answers  it's obvious that he practices quality dentistry and cares about the well being of his patients  u'dr thaler among the best prosthodontists i know  i wish he was closer to the area where i practice  i trust dr thaler to get optimum results even with difficult cases'  u'i endorse this dentist dr thaler was an instructor of mine at temple dental school that i often saught out for help and guidance'  u'i endorse this dentist   dr thaler is a very skilled and knowledgeable practicioner  dr john whytosek'  u'i endorse this dentist'  u'i endorse this dentist']
763,[u'dr threatte is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr threatte is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
764,[u'a great resource and physician for the people of mississippi educational materials that dr passer has developed extend his sphere of influence and teaching far beyond the south central part of the state of mississippi'  u'he is a expert who is knowledgeable in schizophrenia  alcoholism  suboxone  behavior problems in children\r\nwe are fortunate to have him contributing to the health tap community'  u'very knowledgeable expert in psychiatry\r\ngives excellent  clear answers\r\na treasure from the great state of mississippi\r\nhighly recommend'  uanswers patient's questions in a timely manner  very knowledgeable!  u'i highly recommend dr passer for his contribution & passion'  u'excellent resource for child psychiatry questions']
765,[u'dr fisher is compassionate and caring about physicians and patients  he is a prime example of what a healthtap physician is and should be'  u'dr fisher provides informative  accurate answers on healthtap -- and also has a warm sense of humor  i recommend him!'  u'wonderful answers concise  complete and easy to understand for experts and lay people alike'  udan is the smartest internist i know if there's a puzzle to solve  he's the guy you want  u'provides excellent answers that educate not only patients but physicians too'  u'we worked together in guantanamo bay cuba an excellent physician']
766,[ui am so grateful for the caring  clear  informative  knowledgeable and wise replies dr raina provides i'm looking forward to learning from them a great asset to this community!  u'dr raina is providing an excellent public service via healthtap the information she provides is informative  accurate & understandable i endorse dr raina']
767,[u'a concise answer  compassion and experience is what you will get when dr kossler answers one of your questions  such a great value to the healthtap community!']
768,[u'i have been following dr singh\'s answers for some time and am impressed in how easily his answers get right to the heart of the questions you might say that his answers all have a certain pop to them'  u'your dedication and commitment to providing quality health consultation on healthtap is greatly admired and a true benefit to your patients keep up the good work'  udr singh provides very informative answers that are right on track with the questions asked  he's a wonderful asset to the healthtap community!  u'dr singh  addresses patient questions in a concise  clear manner  with  links for additional information  excellent physician!'  u'prolific and insightful  dr singh is an important contributor valued by his patients and his physician colleagues'  u'i recommend this doctor  very insightful and i learn something new from these answers']
769,[u'dr shah is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr shah is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
770,[udr don millner is a thoughtful clinician who gives his opinions based on years of clinical experience he will venture into the areas of pro's and con's of certain treatments which shows his concern for the patients who submit their questions to healthtap i am very pleased to be able to have him as a  colleague here and i look forward to learning more from his input  u'dr millner provides concise  pertinent dental answers that are informative  comprehensive  and shares his sense of humor too his holistic dental perspective shows in letting patients know how important their dental health impacts their overall wellbeing  and body health they are related excellent health tap dental physician'  u'i fully recommend dr millner in his field of dentistry as he seems to care deeply about his treatments & advice for patients great colleague and asset to the healthtap community!'  u'dr milliner is an active and valuable member of the healthtap community he provides prompt and thoughtful answers and has helped thousands of patients'  uthis cosmetic dentist gives his knowledge whenever there's a question in his area of expertise  he is patient-oriented  very helpful and supportive  u'dr millner displays knowledge and compassion in his answers to these personal questions  he has earned a outstanding reputation among his peers']
771,[u'excellent healthtap physician with educated  thoughtful  precise and in-depth answers  great bedside manner  highly recommend'  u'dr lawson is a very knowledgeable and compassionate doctor always enjoy reading her insightful answers highly recommended'  u'very expert responses']
772,[u'dr duvivier is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr duvivier is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
773,[u'dr jeff gold is an outstanding ophthalmologist  and i would recommend him to my patients']
774,[u'dr rosenberg has outstanding credentials  and his expertise  knowledge  concern for his patients  and ability to communicate in a clear  concise and effective manner is obvious  he is an asset to his profession  his community and as a contributor to the avvo forum'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'great answers  very knowledgeable  a very good doctor to follow'  u'great doctor to follow extremely accurate answers']
775,[u'dr accurso provides a wonderful resource to patients & other doctors with his informational & caring accurate answers and personal style i trust him'  u'dr accurso is doing a fabulous job help not only the patients but fellow doctors!  i am so grateful for you!'  u'as a fellow radiologist i appreciate (and learn from) the excellent posts by dr accurso'  u'timely accurate answers  very happy he is answering questions on healthtap'  u'i enjoy learning from dr accurso---a welcome addition to healthtap']
776,[u'dr caudill is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr caudill is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
777,[u'outstanding surgeon and physician']
778,[u'dr dang is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr dang is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
779,[u'dr swor is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr swor is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'i am grateful for this doctor this thanksgiving!'  u'i am grateful for this doctor this thanksgiving!'  u'definitely  would recommended!'  u'you are so kind']
780,[u'very impressive knowledge of medicine in general and quite able to convey that in her answers'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'great physician and wonderful answers!'  u'very timely and accurate responses'  u'great responses very precise']
781,[u'i highly endorse dr legha as an  expert on healthtap and healthtap prime his comments and insights provide valuable guidance and information'  u'your dedication and commitment to providing quality health consultation on healthtap is greatly admired and a true benefit to your patients'  u'i endorse dr legha dr legha clearly has a vast knowledge of medical oncology &  is willing to share it as a public service via healthtap'  udr legha's posts are always thought provoking  one can truly see the commitment and passion to medicine  keep the great answers coming  u'dr legha  provides many knowledgeable and helpful answers he is an asset to healthtap'  u'i highly recommend  dr lega  for his great biography   publications  &  awards']
782,[u'dr arellano is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr arellano is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
783,[ubest doctor on healthtap by far seriously was the most caring doctor i've ever come across! a++++++  u'he was absolutely helpful and wonderful to work with this is a great service to have'  u'dr higgs is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr higgs is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'great doctor'  u'excellent']
784,[uanswers patient's questions in a timely manner  very knowledgeable!  u'very active helpful'  u'great responses!'  ushe's awesome!]
785,[u'dr tarawneh is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr tarawneh is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'i heart this doctor!']
786,[u'dr barrere is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr barrere is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
787,[u'i would recommend and endore dr davantizis without hesitation  dr davantzis does all he can to not only cut through the confusion that patients struggle with  but he does so with well-thought out and meaningful answers  he truly cares not only for his patients  but for the profession of dentistry'  u'i endorse this dentist  i have known dr davantzis professionally and personally for many years  his clinical and interpersonal skills are outstanding  he truly cares for his patients as if they were his own family  i would highly recommend him to anyone in need of dental care'  u'it is a pleasure to speak on behalf of a trusted and proficient colleague whom i have known for 30 years  ted is an intelligent  articulate  compassionate and highly capable clinician  his patients are quite fortunate to have him as their dentist'  u'dr davantzis demonstrates a clear commitment to the dental profession  and to the community his posts on avvo reflect his vast knowledge and expertise  i believe that he is an asset to his profession and to his patients!'  u'i endorse dr davantzis for his ongoing effort to help patients in need of dental advice  for his vast knowledge  and with whom i share his philosophies concerning dental treatment  he is a credit to our profession'  u'dr davantzis gives clear answers and explanantion in a very kind tone  i find myself in agreement with dr davantzis and i endorse this dentist  thank you dr davantzis for your professionalism\nzev kaufman  dds']
788,[u'i find dr machanic to be a distinguished  caring  compassionate  and dedicated neurologist specializing in such difficult  complex cases i feel lucky to know him thru the healthtap network  as he has helped so many patients i am glad to meet him  and hope to continue our professional dialogue together  and learn from his vast knowledge base excellent advice given!'  u'dr machanic is a phenomenal asset to healthtap his recommendations are spot-on and his years of experience certainly shines through i even find myself learning from his knowledge in the field of neurology thanks for your contribution!'  u'dr machanic represents one of the most accomplished professionals in our network at healthtapcom his answers are extremely valuable for users and professionals equally  and his opinion is regarded with admiration to his excellence'  u'i have the pleasure of knowing dr machanic professionally and personally he is a caring physician  a wellspring of knowledge  and a funny guy! he provides valuable wisdom  information and perspective in the neurology community'  u'dr bennett machanic is a highly trained and expert neurologist who gives very good expert clinical opinions i highly recommend dr machanic to anyone who is seeking a consultation with a neurologist thank you dr machanic'  u'dr machanic provided a thoughtful response to a curbside consult on cidp  his willingness to help out with a clinical question is very much appreciated thank you  dr machanic!']
789,[u'dr chandler is a phenomenal asset to healthtap her recommendations are spot-on and her years of experience certainly shines through thanks for your contribution!'  u'i recommend dr chandler']
790,[u'dr mizrahi is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr mizrahi is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
791,[u'dr krenn is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr krenn is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
792,[u'i truly appreciate the work you guys do! thank you for being part of this community!  keep up the good work!'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'very timely and accurate responses']
793,[udr trpkovski provides helpful and compassionate replies i'm looking forward to learning from the wide range of knowledge he offers he's yet another valuable resource here at healthtap  u'the only doctor you need to know in honolulu  hi is dr tony trpkovski i would recommend him for my family and friends with no hesitation']
794,[ui highly recommend dr killian for his dedication and excellent and straightforward responses on healthtap he is clearly very knowledgeable in the area of human sexuality and sexually transmitted diseases as well as in men's health and excellent addition to the healthtap team  ui see dr k on line often giving expert and knowledgeable advice from a variety of topics including : human immunodeficiency virus  sexually transmitted infections  aids  gay  lesbian and transgender health  men's health he is a major contributer to the health tap community  udr killian has a vast amount of knowledge and a great ability to separate the wheat from the chaff in answering questions with clarity and wit i appreciate learning from him as much as i'm sure the readers do  too  u'dr killian is informative  clear  compassionate and interesting i look forward to seeing his replies and comments i always learn things that are helpful and often thought provoking a great resource!'  u'dr killian is very knowledgeable and his answers are a great resource to patients here on health tap  i find myself learning a lot from reading his entries'  u'outstanding and to the point answers and advice obviously a very knowledgeable  caring and dedicated doctor']
795,[u'i endorse dr harte communicates very well extensive knowledge of family practice & medicine in general accurate spot on is providing an excellent service to the public via healthtap'  u'dr harte has consistently shown thoughtful and useful advice to patients in her interactions she is an expert in her field i highly recommend her for your health care needs !'  u'dr lieas harte is a very thorough  intelligent  and caring physician  she is an asset to healthtap  and the the medical community  i highly recommend this brilliant doctor'  u'dr liesa harte has an excellent reputation to responding to questions and communicating with her fellow colleagues  high doc score that continues to rise'  u'dr liesa has great insight and passion for integrative and functional approaches to medical disorders!'  u'widely respected expert in many areas of medicine very responsive to patients highly recommend']
796,[u'thanks for your valuable contributions'  u'very accurate answers']
797,[u'good knowledgeable answers and caring approach'  u'thanks for taking such good care of the kids!'  u'accurate  precise answers  impressive'  u'very timely and accurate responses'  u'great answers very precise'  u'excellent physician!']
798,[u'gives good solid advice on occupational injuries  massage  male genital disorders  medical clearance for sports  workplace health- he is an asset to health tap'  u'great physician  recommend him highly  positive influence on the community  highly involved in volunteer activities'  u'dr eitner is exceptionally active on healthtap and his answers are right on target'  u'always gives good advise & understandable answerspeter m ihle md  facs'  uanswers patient's questions in a timely manner  very knowledgeable!  u'great responses very accurate comes highly recommended']
799,[u'dr brasovan  provides outstanding information about gynecology and medicine in general on healthtap i recommend dr barsovan'  u'gives accurate and quick answers a credit to the field of medicine\r\nhighly recommend'  u'excellent doctor who gives informative and nuturing answers to patients'  u'thank you for your support and encouragement!'  u'nice answers  appears to be caring']
800,[uday after day  dr fowler answers scads of patient questions tirelessly while managing to handle each one with care and thoughtfulness she's earned the respect and admiration of many docs here as both a colleague and a leader - one who readily cheers us on and one who humanizes us all with the funny and folksy expressions that dot her answers (whoah nelly  indeed!)  hats off to dr fowler!  uwhen a physician has so many colleagues who admire her and her work  it should not be a surprise that she is an outstanding doctor but dr fowler has that something extra that almost seems magical she's a true humanitarian  and i consider it a blessing to have her be part of the healthtap community here's to you dr fowler  for all you are and do for patients and colleagues alike cheers!  ui've had the opportunity to interact with dr fowler for the last several months on the former avvo health website where she was the top doc bar none her answers to psychiatric questions are spot on and serve as an excellent source of information for non-psychiatrists this is complemented by her overall fund of general medical knowledge which she dispenses in a compassionate manner  uwow!  i decided to read the recommendations from other doctors before writing mine  five minutes later i still have not gotten to the bottom of the list  hard to add to all of this but i must say i love reading dr fowler's responses  concise  to the point and done with a sense of compassion and an endearing sense of humor  i highly recommend her and learn a lot from her  u'dr fowler is a conscientious contributor to the community  providing insightful opinions to people in need although many physicians are perhaps skeptical of the services this  and other medical information websites provide  there are a growing number of disenfranchised people out there who need some help  understanding  and kindness dr fowler helps provide all three'  ui only know dr fowler from interacting with her on avvocom  reading her answers  i can't help but sense the deep compassion this fine doctor possesses  she goes out of her way to answer people's questions  and will research topics that are not even in her area of expertise to provide assistance dr fowler comes across as a great doctor and a wonderful human being!]
801,[u'dr taras is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr taras is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
802,[u'great orthodontist!!!']
803,[u'i truly appreciate the work you guys do! thank you for being part of this community!  keep up the good work!'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'very timely and accurate responses']
804,[u'my son had a gall bladder problem  dr ahmed operated on him  he was very helpful in explaining the procedures  what to expect and the options we have  he took his time to talk to my wife sandra and i about the medical issues we have with our son  his post-0peratin care was excellent  we never have the experience of a surgeon  checking on the patient like dr ahmed  i highly recommend him   we need more doctors like him'  u'dr ahmed is informative and straightforward  i left the exam with a complete understanding of my condition  he seemed caring and compassionate   i also felt confident about the outcome of my surgery'  u'dr ahmed is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
805,[u'dr miller is consistently helpful to patients and colleagues he has an excellent fund of medical knowledge and his answers are alway clear  concise and helpful we are fortunate to have him as part of the health tap community'  u'i recommend dr miller  very dedicated and great doctor he provides very good care to his patients and offers useful and assertive answers to their questions caring and thoughtful'  u'i would like to welcome dr miller to healthtap  he is providing an excellent service to the public through the informative and spot on responses he gives i endorse dr miller'  u'dr miller cares deeply for his patients he is current in his knowledge and skills  and reads voraciously on new medical research i recommend his advice without reservation!'  u'dr philip miller is an excellent physician very knowledgeable passionate and on the top of his field he is a great value to the peolpe of  fl and to the family of health tap'  u'dr miller is well connected to the world of medicine  sharing his advice and expertise to benefit others in need i highly recommend him\r\n\r\ndr jeffrey bassman']
806,[u'dr kass has consistently shown thoughtful and useful advise to patients in his interactions he is an expert in his field i highly recommend him for your health care needs !'  u'i asked him a question as a colleague and he was prompt to reply with advise  it shows he is committed and really cares'  u'i recommend this doctor  very insightful and i learn something new from these answers'  u'excellent doctor with diagnosis  treatment  surgery with excellent bedside manor'  u'dr kass provides excellent information on podiatry to the public via healthtap'  u'intelligent  accurate  kind answers\r\nhighly recommend']
807,[udr lovell's a skilled  forthright communicator whose great care and dedication to her patients are readily evident from her contributions on healthtap  members and colleagues alike can rely on her extensive knowledge and sound judgment  u'i recommend dr lovell her knowledge base in internal medicine and rheumatology is vast the information she provides is accurate  complete & understandable she provides a real service to the public on health tap'  udr lovell is an outstanding rheumatologist and a great asset to the healthtap community  i always appreciate her thoughtful  thorough and informative answers to patients' questions  u'dr lovell is dedicated  knowledgeable  provides excellent answers which both patients and doctors learn from i recommend dr lovell without reservation'  u'dr lovell is highly compassionate  knowledgeable physician that is a pleasure to learn from  she is clearly one of the top specialist in her field'  u'fast  fantastic answers to often complex questions  truly an asset to the medical community a true national leader in rheumatology']
808,[u'outstanding surgeon and physician']
809,[u'dr woodard is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr woodard is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
810,[u'dr luchetti is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr luchetti is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
811,[u'being trained  licensed  & board certified both medically (both otolaryngology and facial plastic & reconstructive surgery) and dentally (oral & maxillofacial surgery) drgallia is in possession of an incredibly impressive breadth of training  knowledge  and experience in his field  his answers to questions are clear  precise  & very helpful &it is my pleasure to recommend him very highly indeed'  u'although i live far from dr lou  i have had the chance to see his recommendations  his accolades and his patient satisfaction i highly recommend dr lou for his experience  recognition nationally and his devotion to his community of patients'  u'great doctor he gets right to the point  addresses the issue in a straightforward manner and tells you who to follow up with what more could you want glad to have him here on healthtapcom impressed with his tmj expertise'  u'i have known dr gallia to be extremely knowledgable as an oral surgeon and have been very pleased with the way he has teated my patients  i have no hesitation in recommending him'  u'dr gallia is an expert in his field and i highly recommend searching him out for answers relating to ent  maxillofacial  tmj  and other related areas of interest!'  u'not your basic or all surgeon  best of the best! very experience oral surgeon many additional specialties definitely in good hands and highly recommended!']
812,[u'i endorse dr park he is actively involved in providing health education to the public via healthtap he shares understandable  accurate & compassionate information i learn a lot from his entries'  u'a talented and experienced physician with exceptional level of dedication  it is an honor to have him here on healthtap  and in south carolina  highly recommended!'  u'very ac accurate & thorough!'  u'excellent physician']
813,[u'dr natalie is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr natalie is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
814,[u'i highly endorse dr khondker as an expert on both healthtap and healthtap prime his commentaries and insights  are astute and educational for both patients and physicians alike he is an asset to the healthtap community of physicians'  u'dr khondker is a compassionate and knowledgeable physician his answers are on point pleasure to have as a healthtap colleague!'  u'thorough and compassionate answers  with excellent collaboration with colleagues'  u'respected specialist in internal medicine highly recommend'  u'good solid fund of information'  u'voted for you']
815,[u'hi doc:\r\ngreat virtual practice!!\r\nlouis gallia md  dmd  facs'  u'knowledegeable and caring answers']
816,[u'dr goren is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr goren is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
817,[u'i highly endorse dr jeffrey bassman as an expert on health tap and healthtap prime his comments and insights are educational for both patients and physicians he is an asset to the healthtap community'  u'dr bassman is an extremely knowledgeable and dedicated dentist excellent answers and advice'  u'very knowledgable  fantastic answers with quick responses\nexcellent  excellent doctor!'  u'excellent responses to questions and very supportive of patients strongly recommended'  u'i highly recommend dr bassman and thank you for your contributions to healthtap'  u'a very knowledgable and compassionate doctor always gives very sound advice']
818,[u'i regularly refer patients to see dr jonathan richards who are in need of root canal therapy  he is an excellent endodontist and a trusted friend  he is highly recommended']
819,[uexcellent answers and quick responses with very helpful and thoughtful information offered to patient's questions  u'top doctor']
820,[u'dr mahajan is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr mahajan is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'very helpful information'  u'good']
821,[ui commend dr thaler for his consistently informative  to the point and articulate answers  it's obvious that he practices quality dentistry and cares about the well being of his patients  u'dr thaler among the best prosthodontists i know  i wish he was closer to the area where i practice  i trust dr thaler to get optimum results even with difficult cases'  u'i endorse this dentist dr thaler was an instructor of mine at temple dental school that i often saught out for help and guidance'  u'i endorse this dentist   dr thaler is a very skilled and knowledgeable practicioner  dr john whytosek'  u'i endorse this dentist'  u'i endorse this dentist']
822,[u'i have been impressed with dr minich pointed answers with knowledge  depth  wit  and kindness so  i highly recommend her to anyone looking for care / service from her specialty without reservation \r\n\r\n(james) chin-ti lin  md'  u'dr minich is a dedicated doctor  who has been actively answering complex medical questions with compassion  and insight she provides practical and solutions  and recommendations for patients great healthteam expert'  u'i highly endorse dr diane mimich as an expert in her field and as an asset to the healthtap community of experts she is knowledgeable  insightful and empathetic i think that she is an asset  to our physician panel'  u'i have learned a great deal from dr minich here on healthtap and have learned a great deal from her thoughtful  expert  and helpful answers to her patients i look forward to learning more from her!'  u'i recommend dr minich she is providing a valuable service to the public via healthtap she provides sensible  accurate and respectful input i endorse dr minich'  u'dr minich is an extremely knowledgeable physician who obviously care greatly for her patients and their health she is a terrific asset to the healthtap community!']
823,[u'great dentist!!!']
824,[u'dr gani is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr gani is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'i am grateful for this doctor this thanksgiving!'  u'i am grateful for this doctor this thanksgiving!'  u'i am grateful for this doctor this thanksgiving!'  u'i heart this doctor!']
825,[ui had a compression fracture from a fall that just wouldn't heal and was causing me a lot of pain i met with dr whipple and from the start it was like talking to an old friend he recommended a procedure where they glue the break back together i had the procedure done a few days later and all went just as he said it would i'm not pain free at this point but he said i might not be since my back has other problems i very happy i went to him and the care he gave me if your referred to him  rest assured your in good hands  ui'm so thankful for the care dr whipple and his amazimg staff gave me while treating my varicose veins  my legs look and feel so much better than they have in years  i wish i would have done this a long time ago  highly recommended  u'dr whipple is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr whipple is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
826,[u'it is no wonder that dr placik has a 99 docscore & is ranked first nationally in so many areas of medicine on healthtap he provides concise & accurate  information to many people  he does a good job furthering  education about plastic surgery'  u'i endorse this doctor  he is skilled  ethical  intelligent and reliable  my personal knowledge of his skill and technique is in the area of female cosmetic/plastic genital (vulvar) surgery  at which he is the best in the midwest!'  udr placik is a wonderfully well-rounded physician  whose replies embrace the whole human rather than  on surgical procedures alone  he's a great asset to healthtap  and i'm sure to his patients  u'dr placik has a very wide knowledge which he share with his patients and colleagues  we as well as the online patients are fortunate to have a very valuable clinician like dr pacik'  u'excellent & well written responses from a physician and plastic surgeon who has shown dedication to help many patients with thoughtful answers to their questions on this site'  u'dr placik provides consistently thoughtful answers i especially appreciate that he is conservative and realistic in his answers about cosmetic surgery procedures']
827,[u'dr pinto is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr pinto is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
828,[u'when in rome  do as the romans do; and when in pain  do as the  georgians do  see dr rosenfeld his expertise in diagnosis and treatment of acute and chronic pain conditions such as neck and back pain should be sought after'  u'i strongly recommend dr rosenfeld for with out reservation based on my knowledge of him in this forum'  u'i recommend this doctor  very insightful and i learn something new from these answers'  u'excellent doctor---i wish he was closer to my patients  i enjoy learning from him'  u'partner at a premier pain group in atlanta  he takes good care of my patients'  u'a fantastic physician with caring answers!']
829,[u'dr mergerian is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr mergerian is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
830,[u'excellent well thought out answers an excellent resource for patients and an asset to healthtap anybody who takes their personal time  to answer patient questions and does so without anything in return is fine by me'  u'highly knowledgeable and focused replies to patients questions she always care for well being of patients and inspire physician like me to do more good to the society'  u'dr calame provides an excellent service to the public through healthtap the information she provides is accurate  understandable and helpful i endorse dr calame'  u'dr calame provides clear  practical  and accurate replies to a wide variety of questions on healthtap  i welcome her as a colleague  and recommend her'  u'dr calame is authoritative  knowledgeable  and helpful with her advice  tips and guidance  i recognize her as a valued resource in medical knowledge'  udr calame's answers have been most helpful to my patients as her responses are informative  insightful and comprehensive highly recommended]
831,[ui like & admire dr raff's stock of passion & compassion  wealth of specialty knowledge  and keen instinct to conjecture useful solutions beyond available facts so  i recommend her to anyone needing her specialty care/service without reservation \r\n\r\n(james) chin-ti lin  md  udr raff provides a tremendous service to patients with his expertise and caring manner he is certainly my go-to source when i need expert opinion  and i've learned a great deal from reading his answers outstanding!  u'excellent well thought out answers an excellent resource for patients and an asset to healthtap anybody who takes their personal time  to answer patient questions and does so without anything in return is fine by me'  u'dr raff has an outstanding breath of knowledge about infectious diseases and medicine in general he provides an exceptional public service through the education he provides via health tap i recommend dr raff'  udr raff gives sensible  direct answers to a wide range of questions  he teaches me a lot about infectious disease!  he's also a consistently positive presence on healthtap  and i recommend him highly  uyou can't get any better than dr raff  head of the id division when i was in med school and residency at u of louisville  he is extremely knowledgeable  but also a great teacher and a caring doctor]
832,[u'dr jhangiani is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr jhangiani is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
833,[udr crane's responses are right on the mark she obviously is quite intelligent and has an excellent data base  allowing her to provide helpful info and advice to complex questions  have enjoyed reading her answers]
834,[u'dr wiener is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr wiener is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
835,[u'consistently thoughtful  accurate   and compassionate responses to our healthtap patients  i highly recommend him  and nominate him as a top doctor  on healthtap'  u'informative and accurate responses to eye care topics i recommend him for his knowledgeable contribution to healthtap'  u'knowledgeable and patient friendly responses on health tap'  u'seattle is lucky to have such a top doc!!'  u'very informative & precise']
836,[uwhat a delight it is to read dr friedlander's posts he is direct and his advice is personalized clearly he's kind as he tells it like it is  without waffling while doing so  he also recognizes full well that we all deserve respect  frankness  and honesty when dosing out wisdom  whether to patients  the public  or his peers  u'very knowledgeable and capable of conveying his thoughts in a very clear way uncommon gift of empathy for those asking the questions  yet answers directly and unhesitatingly it is a pleasure to read his responses and to learn from him for a pathologist i find him refreshingly conversant with the living!'  u'dr friedlander is an excellent physician who really knows what he is talking about i am sincerely happy to be in connection with him on healthtap i highly recommend dr friedlander: his straightforward excellent answers are a great resource both to patients & drs thank you dr friedlander !'  u'dr friedlander is an extremely knowledgeable physician who continually gives superb advice on an incredible range of medical conditions hi9s answers are always accurate & totally reliable we are very fortunate to have him as a colleague on healthtap'  u'as a former student of dr friedlander i can say that he is quite brilliant and very quick with often very insightful and helpful witticisms  he has a great love of medicine and  i believe  an even greater love of teaching medicine to others'  u'a very knowledgable individual i had the privilege of attending his pathology course as a medical student in kansas city  mo i have appreciated his contribution to my education and value the solid core foundation he contributed in providing']
837,[ui have a shoulder impingement i just started pain in my armpit of the same shoulder he was able to detect why i had pain when i put my chin to my chest i didn't mention my impingement he's right  u'he always answers quicklyon nights i was up scared he helped calm mei feel blessed to have a brilliant dr who will reach out and not ask for anything'  uhe answered back quickly even though i didn't get the answer i wanted  he was great help!  ui'm glad he answered my question that was puzzling to me  now i have some peace of mind  u'i am much obliged to dr colantino for his prompt and instructive information'  u'dr colantino is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
838,[ui am grateful for dr fairchild's presence here she collaborates well with colleagues and has excellent bedside manner we learn much from her here on healthtap  both patients and doctors alike!  u'it\'s great finding another doc testing everyone for mthfr since it appears that many docs have never even heard of it  let alone know how to treat  great to find a partner in cure :)'  u'dr fairchild is an extremely knowledgeable  generous  and helpful physician whose answers are concise and on target  she had taught me a great deal  and i highly recommend her'  u'i learn a lot about integrative medicine through dr fairchild  the information she provides is accurate & understandable i recommend dr fairchild'  u'dr fairchild is a great integrative medicine physician her plans are clear and her knowledge vast'  u'a nurturing  knowledgeable and caring integrative medicine physician']
839,[u'dr cordas knows what he is talking about and he is able to gently but firmly get his point across he is a great asset to health tap!']
840,[u'i fully recommend dr kevin considine to anyone needing his help as he has provided wonderful answers and seems to care deeply about his field of medicine  great physician and colleague!'  u'i highly recommend dr kevin considine  he is very knowledgeable and caring'  u'thanks for your contribution at health tap'  u'a fantastic physician helpful answers!'  u'nnice job!  keep up the great work!']
841,[ui've had the privilege of reviewing many of dr arnoult's responses to questions which touch the fields of not only family medicine but other areas of specialization her responses are clear  firm  and accurate  i am in full agreement with my colleagues who find her responsive style of the highest quality & in line with what patients in this modern day are looking for in their doctors  u'i have known dr arnoult for many years since we both had our practices here in chambersburg pa i know for a fact that her patients loved her and had great respect for her because of her knowledge and dedication patient care always came first  very respected by her medical colleagues as well the community is very fortunate to have her here she is highly recommended!'  u'i highly endorse dr susan arnoult as an expert on healthtap and healthtap prime her comments are astute and educational for both patients and physicians alike she is an asset to the healthtap community'  u'dr arnoult is a calm and caring family physician with a wide knowledge base and consistent presence on healthtap  it is a pleasure to read her responses  her online bedside manner is admirable'  u'i endorse dr arnoult she is a power house of knowledge she provides sensible  accurate & compassionate input she is providing a great public service via healthtap'  u'dr arnoult is a knowledgable  caring doctor working for the care of the whole patient in a balanced and professional manner her dedication is inspiring']
842,[u'dr dewolf shows a vast knowledge of all areas of dentistry and consistently gives excellent advice and recommendations in a concise  to the point and articulate manner'  u'great answers very knowledgeable\r\nhighly recommend']
843,[u'always has excellent thorough answers and advice based upon knowledge  experience and common sense'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
844,[u'dr lin is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr lin is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
845,[u'dr sterling is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr sterling is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
846,[u'a great resource and physician for the people of mississippi educational materials that dr passer has developed extend his sphere of influence and teaching far beyond the south central part of the state of mississippi'  u'he is a expert who is knowledgeable in schizophrenia  alcoholism  suboxone  behavior problems in children\r\nwe are fortunate to have him contributing to the health tap community'  u'very knowledgeable expert in psychiatry\r\ngives excellent  clear answers\r\na treasure from the great state of mississippi\r\nhighly recommend'  uanswers patient's questions in a timely manner  very knowledgeable!  u'i highly recommend dr passer for his contribution & passion'  u'excellent resource for child psychiatry questions']
847,[u'dr kuitems is careful and thorough in his responses  considerate and thoughtful always  his good heart is as evident as his good brain']
848,[u'dr khan has provided great answers to difficult questions he has also been supportive  helpful  and a wonderful health tap physician  who takes to time to  help new doctors with the platform he is a wealth of knowledge  and great clinical information great job!'  u'dr qamar khan offers great responses on healthtap he is very good at his craft and his knowledge comes through clearly and succinctly it is great to have such an active pain management doc on healthtap we will all be enriched by his responses'  u'excellent well thought out answers an excellent resource for patients and an asset to healthtap anybody who takes their personal time  to answer patient questions and does so without anything in return is fine by me'  udr khan consistently answers challenging questions with knowledge   patience and compassion it's a great privilege to be his colleague here on healthtap i highly recommend dr khan  ui have just reviewed several of dr khan's answers and from what i 've seen they have all been thoughtful  concise without being glib  in plain language  and they answer the question!  u'dr kahn is very knowledgeable  thoughtful and answers complex questions in a straightforward easily understandable manner  he is an outstanding asset to the healthtap community']
849,[u'hello my name is jefferey kyle moore i have been looking for someone in my area who specializes in your field i cant not find  a doctor i have very bad aniexty bad panic attacks and insomnia im on meds by my family doctor but it seems he has no idea what im going threw every day with the panic disorder is there a way to contact you or get in touch for and appointment'  u'dr tapia is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr tapia is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
850,[u'dr bluhm is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr bluhm is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
851,[u'dr parker is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr parker is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
852,[u'dr agarwal is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr agarwal is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
853,[u'dr moore is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
854,[udr dohan is the kindest  clearest-writing dermatologist that i've met here i've learned a great deal from him]
855,[ui commend dr thaler for his consistently informative  to the point and articulate answers  it's obvious that he practices quality dentistry and cares about the well being of his patients  u'dr thaler among the best prosthodontists i know  i wish he was closer to the area where i practice  i trust dr thaler to get optimum results even with difficult cases'  u'i endorse this dentist dr thaler was an instructor of mine at temple dental school that i often saught out for help and guidance'  u'i endorse this dentist   dr thaler is a very skilled and knowledgeable practicioner  dr john whytosek'  u'i endorse this dentist'  u'i endorse this dentist']
856,[u'dr noonan represents healthtap at its best  she is an excellent resource  not only for patients  but for physicians as well  she provides answers that are thoughtful  kind  and accurate  and provides information &  advice of the same high caliber to colleagues  recommended?  yes  indeed'  u'dr tiffanie noonan   is an excellent physician  very knowledgeable passionate  and on the top of her field she is a great value to the people of sc  and to the family of health tap'  udr noonan's responses are useful  knowledgeable  sensible  and directed to the question at hand healthtap and the patients she reaches are well served by her focus  u'an excellent  thorough  straight to the point expert i wholeheartedly endorse dr noonan and i will add to my referral pattern excellent physician'  u'well rounded  dedicated physician with a broad skill base  excellent pediatrician  highly recommended!'  u'dr noonan is so generous with her wisdom!  unfailingly kind as well  great doc!']
857,[u'dr ring is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr ring is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
858,[ugreat answers on healthtap  i'm very glad dr jakavick is here to help patients and educate all of us too!  i recommend him  u'i  recommend  dr jakavick  he is clearly  a  very knowledgable dentist         i am learning a  lot from him '  u'i highly recommend dr jakovic for his skills  knowledge  compassion  and precision !'  u'a very knowledgeable  dedicated and caring dentist excellent answers and advice'  u'dr william jakavick is an outstanding cosmetic dentist  i recommend him highly'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
859,[u'i highly endorse dr jeffrey bassman as an expert on health tap and healthtap prime his comments and insights are educational for both patients and physicians he is an asset to the healthtap community'  u'dr bassman is an extremely knowledgeable and dedicated dentist excellent answers and advice'  u'very knowledgable  fantastic answers with quick responses\nexcellent  excellent doctor!'  u'excellent responses to questions and very supportive of patients strongly recommended'  u'i highly recommend dr bassman and thank you for your contributions to healthtap'  u'a very knowledgable and compassionate doctor always gives very sound advice']
860,[u'i highly endorse dr david lipkin as an expert consultant on both healthtap and healthtap prime his commentaries are insightful   astute and educational  for both patients and physicians alike he is an asset to the healthtap comminity'  u'dr lipkin provides patients with caring  accurate and thoughtful advice  highly recommend  one of the best physicians on healthtap'  u'dr lipkin  is caring  helpful and has a wealth of knowledge that he shares with patients and colleagues thank you!'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  udr lipkin's holistic approach definitely speaks wisdom  he cares  u'gives excellent caring advice']
861,[u'i endorse this doctor']
862,[u'i am grateful for your quick answer']
863,[u'i recommend this physician!']
864,[u'i have been impressed with dr minich pointed answers with knowledge  depth  wit  and kindness so  i highly recommend her to anyone looking for care / service from her specialty without reservation \r\n\r\n(james) chin-ti lin  md'  u'dr minich is a dedicated doctor  who has been actively answering complex medical questions with compassion  and insight she provides practical and solutions  and recommendations for patients great healthteam expert'  u'i highly endorse dr diane mimich as an expert in her field and as an asset to the healthtap community of experts she is knowledgeable  insightful and empathetic i think that she is an asset  to our physician panel'  u'i have learned a great deal from dr minich here on healthtap and have learned a great deal from her thoughtful  expert  and helpful answers to her patients i look forward to learning more from her!'  u'i recommend dr minich she is providing a valuable service to the public via healthtap she provides sensible  accurate and respectful input i endorse dr minich'  u'dr minich is an extremely knowledgeable physician who obviously care greatly for her patients and their health she is a terrific asset to the healthtap community!']
865,[u'dr cattano provides thoughful  interesting  accurate and understandable responses on healthtap  he is providing an excellent service to the public i learn by reading his input i recommend dr cattano'  ui very much enjoy dr cattano's insightful and thorough answers to  patient questions on the site  i highly recommend  him as a source of gi knowledge  great work !  ui enjoy reading dr cattano's responses on healthtap -- they teach me something every time  he's a wonderful physician and contributor here -- highly recommended!  u'a concise answer  compassion and experience is what you will get when dr cattano answers one of your questions  such a great value to the healthtap community!'  u'dr cattano is a font of wisdom!  everyone  docs and patients  can profit from his excellent posts  his courtesy and respect for us all is also admirable'  u'drcattano is obviously  from his online answers  a very knowledgeable and competent gastroenterologist i would be his patient if i lived in his area']
866,[ui like & admire dr raff's stock of passion & compassion  wealth of specialty knowledge  and keen instinct to conjecture useful solutions beyond available facts so  i recommend her to anyone needing her specialty care/service without reservation \r\n\r\n(james) chin-ti lin  md  udr raff provides a tremendous service to patients with his expertise and caring manner he is certainly my go-to source when i need expert opinion  and i've learned a great deal from reading his answers outstanding!  u'excellent well thought out answers an excellent resource for patients and an asset to healthtap anybody who takes their personal time  to answer patient questions and does so without anything in return is fine by me'  u'dr raff has an outstanding breath of knowledge about infectious diseases and medicine in general he provides an exceptional public service through the education he provides via health tap i recommend dr raff'  udr raff gives sensible  direct answers to a wide range of questions  he teaches me a lot about infectious disease!  he's also a consistently positive presence on healthtap  and i recommend him highly  uyou can't get any better than dr raff  head of the id division when i was in med school and residency at u of louisville  he is extremely knowledgeable  but also a great teacher and a caring doctor]
867,[u'dr meyer is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr meyer is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
868,[u'excellent clinician']
869,[ui am impressed with dr okamoto's vast knowledge of the various martial arts and the answers he gives multiple patients concerning the same  he also has a great fund of knowledge that sets family practitioners apart as they treat the entire spectrum of human disease  u'dr okamoto has a broad range of knowledge and is able to translate that into specific  helpful advice to patients highly recommended'  u'very accurate and timely responses'  u'great answers! thank you!']
870,[u'recommend dr munshower with the highest accolades  his answers on health tap are thoughtful  caring and scientifically accurate  he possesses the ability to answer patients questions intelligently while at the same time providing excellent health education and informing patients in a thoughtful manner  the highest recommendation'  umost people spend more time shopping for a new car than they select a physician it's important to find a physician you trust and feel comfortable with dr john c munshower is the only one you need to know he is a human being who cares about people  i'm really learning a lot from him highly recommended  ui see many of dr munshower's patients  i hear from them over and over how much they enjoy having him for their primary care doctor and that they think they are receiving excellent care from him  u'i fully recommend dr munshower to anyone needing his help as he seems to care deeply about his field of family medicine great physician and colleague and asset to the community at healthtap!'  u'dr john munshower is a knowledgeable  experienced  and caring physician  his responses are clear  concise  and practical  i am pleased to have dr munshower as a colleague on healthtap!'  udr munshower provides excellent  concise  accurate recommendations to patients' questions  that are well meaningful and relevant i value his contributions to the health tap forum]
871,[u'dr bey clearly has an exceptional knowledge base of psychiatry he provides a valuable service to the public through health tap  i recommend dr bey'  u'great response and highly recommended- dave'  u'good answers  provide helpful feedback']
872,[u'dr byers is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr byers is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
873,[u'great doc!!']
874,[u'dr goebel is providing an excellent service to the public via healthtap the information he provides is accurate  understandable & makes sense i endorse dr goebel']
875,[u'great job thank you!']
876,[u'i have worked with this physician she is an excellent diagnostician and compassionate too']
877,[u'i recommend you as a well know expert in your field\r\ndr jakavick would recommend this dr to all who seek their expertise'  u'truly a leader in the field of interventional radiology and an author of no nonsense  reliable ht opinions'  u'highly recommended and enthusiastic to helping his clients-dave'  u'highly recommend'  u'recommended']
878,[u'i recommend dr conovalciuc he provides really interesting (& spot on) responses on healthtap  his responses are often not run of the mill - which is why i enjoy reading & learning from them here is clearly very knowledgeable about medicine he is providing an excellent service to the public on healthtap i endorse dr conovalciuc'  u'dr conovalciuc is a fantastic family physician who not only cares for his patients in person but for those in this online community by giving clear & thoughtful answers on a regular basis in the process  he teaches the rest of us & reminds us of why we entered this profession in the first place thank you  dr c!'  udr conovalciuc's answers are clear  easy for patients to understand  and show his experience and tremendous breadth of knowledge he seems to be a very caring person and a great asset  to health tap  u'dr conovalciuc is the most versatile  knowledgeable  compassionate doctor  he goes out of his way to help millions of people by participating actively in this project'  u'dr conovalciuc consistently gives clear  helpful and compassionate answers to patients on healthtap i recommend him as a kind and knowledgeable physician'  u'dr conovalciuc it generous with his time to one and all  i am glad i got to know him on healthtap  and learn from him']
879,[u'dr dalal is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr dalal is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
880,[u'dr chin-ti lin is a unique physician & individual his excellent & accurate answers are more than credit worthy because they help the individuals asking hem  help anyone else with similar queries & enhance both reliability & stature of healthtap more than that  dr lin is a philosopher urologist dedicated to making this world a better place check his website: wwwformefirstcom i salute him'  u'dr chin-ti lin is an excellent physician and urologist! he cares about the total person and emphasizes education and integrated  holistic treatments including adopting a healthy attitude and lifestyle changes prior to using more invasive techniques he provides answers in easy to understand language'  u'dr james lin appears to be highly intelligent  knowledgeable in his field  and has an excellent feel for patient concerns and comfort levels his advice is pragmatic  addresses the problems inquired about clearly and accurately and i would strongly recommend him'  u'dr chin-ti lin s a phenomenal asset to healthtap his recommendations are spot-on and his years of experience certainly shines through i even find myself learning from his knowledge in the field of urology thanks for your contribution!'  u'dr chin is wise  fun  and  so readable  he always brings smile to my face  with his sense of humor  he is the doctor that you and your family can trust because he is very knowledgable and compassionate i high recommend dr chin'  u'i endorse dr chin-ti lin he is clearly an exceptionally knowledgeable urologist he provides accurate  thorough  understandable and spot on medical education to the public it is great to work on the same team as him']
881,[u'dr fields is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr fields is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
882,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'highly recommend']
883,[udr grieco's answers are accurate and what i particularly like is his wisdom in triage and referral this is what makes a good physician great he clearly possesses a broad knowledge base and shows great caring for patients in his responses i highly recommend him  u'dr grieco is clearly very knowledgable and caring -- his answers show how concerned he is for patients to receive the best care possible a very good physician !'  u'great doc!!']
884,[uwhat a delight it is to read dr friedlander's posts he is direct and his advice is personalized clearly he's kind as he tells it like it is  without waffling while doing so  he also recognizes full well that we all deserve respect  frankness  and honesty when dosing out wisdom  whether to patients  the public  or his peers  u'very knowledgeable and capable of conveying his thoughts in a very clear way uncommon gift of empathy for those asking the questions  yet answers directly and unhesitatingly it is a pleasure to read his responses and to learn from him for a pathologist i find him refreshingly conversant with the living!'  u'dr friedlander is an excellent physician who really knows what he is talking about i am sincerely happy to be in connection with him on healthtap i highly recommend dr friedlander: his straightforward excellent answers are a great resource both to patients & drs thank you dr friedlander !'  u'dr friedlander is an extremely knowledgeable physician who continually gives superb advice on an incredible range of medical conditions hi9s answers are always accurate & totally reliable we are very fortunate to have him as a colleague on healthtap'  u'as a former student of dr friedlander i can say that he is quite brilliant and very quick with often very insightful and helpful witticisms  he has a great love of medicine and  i believe  an even greater love of teaching medicine to others'  u'a very knowledgable individual i had the privilege of attending his pathology course as a medical student in kansas city  mo i have appreciated his contribution to my education and value the solid core foundation he contributed in providing']
885,[u'dr southard answers questions in a very succinct and thoughtful manner he has an obvious depth of knowledge that would benefit any patient'  u'patient  compassionate  encouraging  and obviously enjoys teaching medicine with clear explanations very highly recommend this physician'  u'highly recommend']
886,[u'dr botelho is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr botelho is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
887,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
888,[u'i highly recommend dr zeines and thank you for your contributions to healthtap'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'excellent doctor i recommend him highly']
889,[u'her posts regarding breast radiology are always informative and supportive to patient care  she is an asset to healthtap'  u'i endorse this doctor very good breast radiologist always conversant with latest methods']
890,[u'dr arden is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr arden is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
891,[u'in my opinion being a good doctor is all about bedside manner  personality and communication skills dr hirenkumar italia is the role model of yesterday and today highly recommended'  u'i endorse dr italia he clearly has a wide breadth of knowledge in medicine  & is providing a valuable service to the public via healthtap'  u'respected specialist in family medicine valued asset to the health tap community highly recommend']
892,[u'great dentist!']
893,[u'dr chen provides an exceptional public service on healthtap he is clearly extremely knowledgable about neurosurgery i learn from reading the information he presents on health tap i recommend dr chen'  uhas always taken time for me when i've called to request help off him  has always treated me as a respected colleague and i'm grateful to know he's there for me should my patients' needs arisenn  u'dr chen provides articulate  helpful answers about complicated neurosurgical/neurological topics  he writes calmly and respectfully too  thank you  dr chen!'  u'thank you dr chen for sharing your expertise with all of us  i appreciate very much'  ui appreciate dr chen's cogent and accurate advice much to learn from him  u'clearly a very knowledgeable and caring physician  highly recommended']
894,[u'dr bernstein is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr bernstein is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
895,[u'dr gani is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr gani is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'i am grateful for this doctor this thanksgiving!'  u'i am grateful for this doctor this thanksgiving!'  u'i am grateful for this doctor this thanksgiving!'  u'i heart this doctor!']
896,[u'thank you!']
897,[u'i really enjoy reading the information dr bonuel provides  he has a holistic approach and clearly is capable of thinking outside the box in a way that really benefits patients  he is providing an excellent service to the public via healthtap  i recommend dr bonuel'  u'dr bonuel provides concise answers  and links for patients to learn more about their issues  and is an excellent doctor appreciate him being part of the health tap team of outstanding doctors'  u'i fully recommend dr bonuel to anyone needing his help as he seems to care deeply about his field of internal medicine great physician and colleague and asset to the community at healthtap!'  u'dr bonuel is a caring  knowledgeable physician who shares his time on healthtap generously  he answers questions with the whole person in mind  i recommend dr bonuel'  udr bonuel's posts are always thought provoking  one can truly see the commitment and passion to medicine  keep the great answers coming  u'thank you for caring and helping the health tap community of patients and doctors!  keep up the great job!']
898,[u'i recommend dr baudy  he clearly has an exceptional knowledge of internal medicine he is providing a valuable  public service via  health tap'  u'he provides thoughtful answers'  u'good doctor']
899,[u'dr leach is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr leach is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
900,[u'dr sparacino provides an excellent service to the public via health tap he is knowledgable about many areas of medicine and his responses are clear and helpful i recommend dr sparacino'  u'dr sparacino helps everyone by sharing his wide experience in such a thoughtful  responsive manner   his patients in mn are lucky to have him in person!'  u'outstanding consultant on health tap congratulations on top doctor 2013 level 25 is a real achievement'  ui am grateful for dr sparacino's expertise  and kind and thoughtful presence on healthtap!  u'i recommend this doctor  very insightful and i learn something new from these answers'  u'fantastic answers with great expertise   a great doctor to follow on healthtap']
901,[u'knowledgeable and caring what more could you ask for?']
902,[u'dr oscar novick is an excellent pediatrician who demonstrates a wide-breadth of knowledge across medical specialties his responses are concise  practical  and insightful and i look forward to reading them additionally he is kind and caring as reflected in his answers i am happy to have dr novick as my colleague on healthtap!'  ui like & admire dr novick 's vastness of passion & compassion  wealth in his specialty knowledge  and keen instinct to conjecture useful solutions beyond available facts so  i recommend him without reservation to anyone in need for his specialty care and service \r\n\r\n(james) chin-ti lin  md  u'dr novick is clearly has an outstanding knowledge of pediatrics he is providing an excellent service to the public via healhtap the information he provides is understandable  accurate & compassionate i endorse dr novick'  u'excellent well thought out answers an excellent resource for patients and an asset to healthtap anybody who takes their personal time  to answer patient questions and does so without anything in return is fine by me'  u'i am always amazed at his breadth of knowledge in pediatrics- it is obvious from his answers and online presence  he is an expert in pediatrics and a value to the health tap community'  u'dr novick has my highest recommendation he is a well respected pediatrician in his community and it is great to see  expertise and insights shared on health tap']
903,[u'dr tomsky is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr tomsky is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
904,[u'i endorse this dentist i have had the privilege and pleasure of knowing dr sandler for close to 20 years my experiences of working with him have been always positive patient feedback is always exceptional and patients expectations have been met and exceeded he is a kind  caring and compassionate man who seeks perfection in his work dr sandler is constantly being educated with the newest knowledge and techniques in his field'  ui have followed dr sandler's comments to patients and practitioners alike for several months his answers to patients are caring  thorough  and obviously fully researched his advice to practioners is spot on--a trusted and erudite member of the dental community it is a privilege to include him in my network of health care providers and resources  u'dr sandler provides excellent advice to patients and peers his advice is consistent with a high standard of care his answers to questions on this site are well thought out and consistent with the kind of care i expect in a true dental professional it is my pleasure to endorse him'  u'dr sandler is that one of a kind of professional that unfortunately is sometimes hard to find  his expertise and professionalism is outstanding and seems to only follow his heart and compassion for patients  i am proud to have met dr sandler and i can not recommend him enough'  ui have been impressed by dr sandler's professionalism  he responds with care and passion and often goes beyond the call of duty in providing useful information in his answers  i consider his patients to be lucky to have him as their dentist i endorse him without reservations  ui know dr sandler from the avvo community and i have experienced his commitment to his patients and dentistry it's rare to find someone who makes an active effort to improve the field and it is from this that i am confident that dr sandler will not disappoint]
905,[u'dr thamman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr thamman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'thanks :)']
906,[u'i endorse this dentist']
907,[u'thank you for commenting about my dreams i spoke with dr fowler about my fears things have abated thanks'  u'dr blumenfield is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr blumenfield is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'i am grateful for this doctor this thanksgiving!'  u'i am grateful for this doctor this thanksgiving!'  u'i am grateful for this doctor this thanksgiving!']
908,[ui learn from and enjoy reading dr khanna's answers to challenging questions  a real asset to healthtap and the public!  u'i recommend dr khanna as a leading doctor in family medicine because of her knowledge and commitment to her calling --'  u'very informative answers   always quick to respond to patients   definitely a great doctor!'  uanswers patient's questions in a timely manner  very knowledgeable!  u'if you are in need of a dedicated doctor   look no further'  u'i highly recommend dr yash  khanna   great  biography']
909,[u'i have known dr milstone for many years we have several common patients  he is a brilliant compassionate doctor with the highest talent and integrity'  u'ery accurate & helpful impressive'  u'i recommend this physician']
910,[u'dr dommeti is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr dommeti is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
911,[u'when in rome  do as the romans do; and when in pain  do as the  georgians do  see dr rosenfeld his expertise in diagnosis and treatment of acute and chronic pain conditions such as neck and back pain should be sought after'  u'i strongly recommend dr rosenfeld for with out reservation based on my knowledge of him in this forum'  u'i recommend this doctor  very insightful and i learn something new from these answers'  u'excellent doctor---i wish he was closer to my patients  i enjoy learning from him'  u'partner at a premier pain group in atlanta  he takes good care of my patients'  u'a fantastic physician with caring answers!']
912,[u'i highly endorse dr jeffrey bassman as an expert on health tap and healthtap prime his comments and insights are educational for both patients and physicians he is an asset to the healthtap community'  u'dr bassman is an extremely knowledgeable and dedicated dentist excellent answers and advice'  u'very knowledgable  fantastic answers with quick responses\nexcellent  excellent doctor!'  u'excellent responses to questions and very supportive of patients strongly recommended'  u'i highly recommend dr bassman and thank you for your contributions to healthtap'  u'a very knowledgable and compassionate doctor always gives very sound advice']
913,[u'excellent physician with a great bed-side manner and interaction with patients and the physicians who refer the patients to him']
914,[u'i felt so stupid when i asked this guy a semi-paranoical question and just got reminded of blood sugar levels it was more simple than i thought thanks a lot! made a difference'  u'dr rothman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr rothman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr rothman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr rothman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr rothman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
915,[u'd rahmad m hadied  is an excellent physician  very knowledgeable passionate  and on the top of his field he is a great value to the people of mi  and to the family of health tap'  u'caring and insightful surgeon who demonstrates a clear commitment to patients here on health tap  his clinic patients are fortunate to have his care  i learn a lot from him'  u'outstanding knowledge of orthopedics and acupuncture dr hadied is clearly providing a valuable public service on health tap i recommend dr hadied'  u'fast  fantastic answers to often complex questions  truly an asset to the medical community a true national leader in orthopedic health care'  u'i believe doctor hadied deserve the best doctor on this site for his work for the past year\r\ngood luck please continue to help other'  u'his answers to the questions asked always seem to be very intelligent i highly recommend him']
916,[u'i recommend dr berkowitz he has a keen knowledge of psychiatry and medicine in general his responses are helpful  informative & understandable he is providing an excellent public service through health tap']
917,[u'dr liu is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr liu is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
918,[u'dr bryan  is the best dermatologist i have known and worked with his knowledge  passion in patient care  extreme dedication to his patients and great mannerism and professionalism are only a few of his best characteristics i can put in words i am proud to have been his colleague  helping patients\r\ndr narciss mobini  dermatopathologist']
919,[u'a vast breadth of knowledge a real empathetic sense of patient care very precise medical descriptions he helps me better understand things i already know!'  udr wright's chair-side etiquette and his treatment of every patient with respect  kindness and dignity  sets him apart he truly put a smile on your face  u'extremely knowledgeable and  informative  with consistently  spot on  to the point and  articulate answers'  u'very knowledgeable  looks at the whole patient\r\nvery informative  kind answers \r\nhighly recommend'  u'on target  thorough answers that teach me in areas beyond my expertise  thanks  dr wright!'  u'very knowledgable doctor   great answers and a great doctor to follow!']
920,[u'i am grateful to drgrin for educating not only myself  but all of us here at healthtap about pain management  and  moreover  i am grateful to him for his openness to the effects of psychotherapy i have encountered many pain practitioners who devalue therapy as being unneeded  and that medication solves everything no so for dr grin  and i am relieved he is more forward thinking & collaborative!'  u'what a great guy  excellent physician  wonderful colleague and all around genius in the area of pain as well in a surprising range of other areas  i learn from him every day and have recommended that my own daughter read his information to help sort out her tmj  he does not hesitate to tackle any question and returns clear explanations of the most complex issues seasoned with true compassion'  u'dr grin is a wonderful colleague and physician he is knowledgeable in multiple areas not only in the scope of pain management his genuine compassion is evident not only in the way he cares for patients  but for the community of physicians here on healthtap as well we are all lucky to have him share his wisdom with us!'  u'i am endorsing dr grin he is providing an excellent service to the public on healthtap the medical information  dr grin provides is accurate & understandable dr grin is clearly very knowledgeable about pain management and medicine in general'  uhave been reading dr grin's responses and have been impressed with his lucid explanations of issues that are difficult to explain to non-medical personnel he is thorough  concise  and provides excellent advice  u'i highly endorse dr paul grin as a healthtap and healthtap prime as an expert his commentaries and clinical insights are astute and educational to both patients and physicians he is an asset to our community']
921,[u'dr visotsky is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr visotsky is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
922,[uhi doc:\r\ngood advice!!\r\ni've added your to my network and recommended you\r\ni would appreciate a return of the favor\r\ni'm an ent/omfs in sacramento  ca\r\nspecial interest tmj disorders\r\nthanks\r\nlouis gallia md  dmd  facs  u'i am very grateful to you for being part of the health tap community for the sake of both patients and doctors!'  u'top level retinal specialist!!! very professional and caring! i highly recommend dr saran'  u'west chester is lucky to have such a great doc!!']
923,[u'dr dorfman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr dorfman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr dorfman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
924,[u'dr liebowitz is an expert on depression and anxiety with a wealth of experience evident in his answers  not only is he knowlegeable about the conditions but is up to date on the latest medications and treatment options  he has my recommendation!'  u'we are priviledged to have such an expert as dr liebowitz on health tap his contributions in bipolar disorder  depression are important he is a major contributor to the health tap community'  u'knowledegeable and caring answers']
925,[udr cannon is a gifted and compassionate healer  and a great resource for expertise both here on healthtap and for her fortunate patients in altamont i would be happy to have her care for my family  and honestly  that's the highest compliment any physician could receive i highly recommend her!  u'i heartily recommend dr cannon she and i tend to work similar shifts on healthtap and i have the opportunity to review most of her answers and consultations he knowledge is broad and her comments are insightful i highly recommend dr cannon for r expertise'  u'dr cannon has a wealth of experience and an impressive range of knowledge  communicated to patients in a comprehensive and caring manner  i learn from her often i highly recommend dr cannon'  u'how lucky i am to have the opportunity to share webspace with dr cannon  generous  wise  and compassionate as she is  patients and colleagues who meet her are enlightened and uplifted'  u'highly respected by us all here on healthtap! gives great answers and in doing so  dr cannon teaches both colleagues and patients alike'  u'dr cannon has been an excellent consultant and asset to the healthtap community and her comments are always useful and constructive']
926,[u'doctor howard spector is a leader in his field  he is a progressive orthodontist practicing most current clinical techniques he has treated for decades children and adults  making the most complex cases seem simple he clearly understands orthodontic treatment can be individual or require to be a part of a team  especially with complex cases he is an excellent practitioner'  u'i endorse dr spector  he is a leading dentist in our area and very well established lynann mastaj  dmd']
927,[u'i truly appreciate the work you guys do! thank you for being part of this community!  keep up the good work!'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'very timely and accurate responses']
928,[uwhat a delight it is to read dr friedlander's posts he is direct and his advice is personalized clearly he's kind as he tells it like it is  without waffling while doing so  he also recognizes full well that we all deserve respect  frankness  and honesty when dosing out wisdom  whether to patients  the public  or his peers  u'very knowledgeable and capable of conveying his thoughts in a very clear way uncommon gift of empathy for those asking the questions  yet answers directly and unhesitatingly it is a pleasure to read his responses and to learn from him for a pathologist i find him refreshingly conversant with the living!'  u'dr friedlander is an excellent physician who really knows what he is talking about i am sincerely happy to be in connection with him on healthtap i highly recommend dr friedlander: his straightforward excellent answers are a great resource both to patients & drs thank you dr friedlander !'  u'dr friedlander is an extremely knowledgeable physician who continually gives superb advice on an incredible range of medical conditions hi9s answers are always accurate & totally reliable we are very fortunate to have him as a colleague on healthtap'  u'as a former student of dr friedlander i can say that he is quite brilliant and very quick with often very insightful and helpful witticisms  he has a great love of medicine and  i believe  an even greater love of teaching medicine to others'  u'a very knowledgable individual i had the privilege of attending his pathology course as a medical student in kansas city  mo i have appreciated his contribution to my education and value the solid core foundation he contributed in providing']
929,[u'i highly endorse dr jeffrey bassman as an expert on health tap and healthtap prime his comments and insights are educational for both patients and physicians he is an asset to the healthtap community'  u'dr bassman is an extremely knowledgeable and dedicated dentist excellent answers and advice'  u'very knowledgable  fantastic answers with quick responses\nexcellent  excellent doctor!'  u'excellent responses to questions and very supportive of patients strongly recommended'  u'i highly recommend dr bassman and thank you for your contributions to healthtap'  u'a very knowledgable and compassionate doctor always gives very sound advice']
930,[u'i would recommend and endore dr davantizis without hesitation  dr davantzis does all he can to not only cut through the confusion that patients struggle with  but he does so with well-thought out and meaningful answers  he truly cares not only for his patients  but for the profession of dentistry'  u'i endorse this dentist  i have known dr davantzis professionally and personally for many years  his clinical and interpersonal skills are outstanding  he truly cares for his patients as if they were his own family  i would highly recommend him to anyone in need of dental care'  u'it is a pleasure to speak on behalf of a trusted and proficient colleague whom i have known for 30 years  ted is an intelligent  articulate  compassionate and highly capable clinician  his patients are quite fortunate to have him as their dentist'  u'dr davantzis demonstrates a clear commitment to the dental profession  and to the community his posts on avvo reflect his vast knowledge and expertise  i believe that he is an asset to his profession and to his patients!'  u'i endorse dr davantzis for his ongoing effort to help patients in need of dental advice  for his vast knowledge  and with whom i share his philosophies concerning dental treatment  he is a credit to our profession'  u'dr davantzis gives clear answers and explanantion in a very kind tone  i find myself in agreement with dr davantzis and i endorse this dentist  thank you dr davantzis for your professionalism\nzev kaufman  dds']
931,[u'i highly recommend dr ho although she specializes in hematology and oncology - it is clear that her expertise extends well beyond that she provides accurate  informative and easy to understand information she is a real asset to healthtap'  u'compassionate  on-target answers from a very wise physician  dr ho is a wonderful part of the healthtap community  and provides excellent public service'  u'dr ho gives concise  pertinent information  and shares her vast knowledge and expertise over a wide variety of areas in medicine excellent work!'  u'dr ho has a vast fund of knowledge that allows for effectively contributing to this online community of health'  u'i recommend this doctor  very insightful and i learn something new from these answers'  udr liawaty ho consistently provides knowledgeable and caring answers she's great!]
932,[u'this guy is a smart  modern and excellent dentist anyone would benefit being under his care!'  u'i endorse this dentist'  u'great dentist!!!']
933,[u'dr connor is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr connor is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
934,[u'i highly endorse dr legha as an  expert on healthtap and healthtap prime his comments and insights provide valuable guidance and information'  u'your dedication and commitment to providing quality health consultation on healthtap is greatly admired and a true benefit to your patients'  u'i endorse dr legha dr legha clearly has a vast knowledge of medical oncology &  is willing to share it as a public service via healthtap'  udr legha's posts are always thought provoking  one can truly see the commitment and passion to medicine  keep the great answers coming  u'dr legha  provides many knowledgeable and helpful answers he is an asset to healthtap'  u'i highly recommend  dr lega  for his great biography   publications  &  awards']
935,[u'with an abundance of experience  keen insight  razor sharp mind and unquestionable compassion   dr zimon contributes a wealth of information to enhance the knowledge of patients and doctors  he shares the perspective of one who has seen the science of medicine completely change over the years and the foresight of one who can take these years of science and predict what is coming'  u'dr zimon clearly know his stuff and shares openly with both colleagues and patients alike we are fortunate to have him here on healthtap!'  u'i endorse dr zimon  with a keen knowledge of internal medicine  he is providing an excellent service to the public via healthtap'  u'great answers from a clinician with a wealth of experience and expressed with an unmistakable passion for his patients welfare'  u'offers insightful advice and knowledge from one who is well founded and experienced in medicine'  u'experience  knowledge and keen insight']
936,[u'in your experience  were the cases with hiv combo test negative at 42 or 62 days and to be an positive after 42 or 62 days?in your experience  have you heard any case?'  u'dr lutwick is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr lutwick is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr lutwick is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'i heart this doctor!'  u'thank you doctor :)']
937,[u'dr glibicky is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr glibicky is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
938,[ui like & admire dr raff's stock of passion & compassion  wealth of specialty knowledge  and keen instinct to conjecture useful solutions beyond available facts so  i recommend her to anyone needing her specialty care/service without reservation \r\n\r\n(james) chin-ti lin  md  udr raff provides a tremendous service to patients with his expertise and caring manner he is certainly my go-to source when i need expert opinion  and i've learned a great deal from reading his answers outstanding!  u'excellent well thought out answers an excellent resource for patients and an asset to healthtap anybody who takes their personal time  to answer patient questions and does so without anything in return is fine by me'  u'dr raff has an outstanding breath of knowledge about infectious diseases and medicine in general he provides an exceptional public service through the education he provides via health tap i recommend dr raff'  udr raff gives sensible  direct answers to a wide range of questions  he teaches me a lot about infectious disease!  he's also a consistently positive presence on healthtap  and i recommend him highly  uyou can't get any better than dr raff  head of the id division when i was in med school and residency at u of louisville  he is extremely knowledgeable  but also a great teacher and a caring doctor]
939,[u'dr miller is consistently helpful to patients and colleagues he has an excellent fund of medical knowledge and his answers are alway clear  concise and helpful we are fortunate to have him as part of the health tap community'  u'i recommend dr miller  very dedicated and great doctor he provides very good care to his patients and offers useful and assertive answers to their questions caring and thoughtful'  u'i would like to welcome dr miller to healthtap  he is providing an excellent service to the public through the informative and spot on responses he gives i endorse dr miller'  u'dr miller cares deeply for his patients he is current in his knowledge and skills  and reads voraciously on new medical research i recommend his advice without reservation!'  u'dr philip miller is an excellent physician very knowledgeable passionate and on the top of his field he is a great value to the peolpe of  fl and to the family of health tap'  u'dr miller is well connected to the world of medicine  sharing his advice and expertise to benefit others in need i highly recommend him\r\n\r\ndr jeffrey bassman']
940,[u'i am grateful to drgrin for educating not only myself  but all of us here at healthtap about pain management  and  moreover  i am grateful to him for his openness to the effects of psychotherapy i have encountered many pain practitioners who devalue therapy as being unneeded  and that medication solves everything no so for dr grin  and i am relieved he is more forward thinking & collaborative!'  u'what a great guy  excellent physician  wonderful colleague and all around genius in the area of pain as well in a surprising range of other areas  i learn from him every day and have recommended that my own daughter read his information to help sort out her tmj  he does not hesitate to tackle any question and returns clear explanations of the most complex issues seasoned with true compassion'  u'dr grin is a wonderful colleague and physician he is knowledgeable in multiple areas not only in the scope of pain management his genuine compassion is evident not only in the way he cares for patients  but for the community of physicians here on healthtap as well we are all lucky to have him share his wisdom with us!'  u'i am endorsing dr grin he is providing an excellent service to the public on healthtap the medical information  dr grin provides is accurate & understandable dr grin is clearly very knowledgeable about pain management and medicine in general'  uhave been reading dr grin's responses and have been impressed with his lucid explanations of issues that are difficult to explain to non-medical personnel he is thorough  concise  and provides excellent advice  u'i highly endorse dr paul grin as a healthtap and healthtap prime as an expert his commentaries and clinical insights are astute and educational to both patients and physicians he is an asset to our community']
941,[u'dr montella is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr montella is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
942,[u'dr solomon is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr solomon is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
943,[u'knowledgeable doctor i have known since medical school']
944,[u'dr minasian is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr minasian is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
945,[u'dr laccheo is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr laccheo is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'very appropraite answer']
946,[ui commend dr thaler for his consistently informative  to the point and articulate answers  it's obvious that he practices quality dentistry and cares about the well being of his patients  u'dr thaler among the best prosthodontists i know  i wish he was closer to the area where i practice  i trust dr thaler to get optimum results even with difficult cases'  u'i endorse this dentist dr thaler was an instructor of mine at temple dental school that i often saught out for help and guidance'  u'i endorse this dentist   dr thaler is a very skilled and knowledgeable practicioner  dr john whytosek'  u'i endorse this dentist'  u'i endorse this dentist']
947,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
948,[u'dr shakov is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr shakov is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
949,[u'a concise answer  compassion and experience is what you will get when dr krauser answers one of your questions  such a great value to the healthtap community!'  u'dr krauser is very knowledgeable and caring  he is a tremendous asset to the medical community and to healthtap  i highly recommend him'  u'thank you to my good colleague for providng some timely advice for my treatment on a neurology patient'  u'a treasured expert in his field  and very knowledgeable in many others\r\nhighly recommend'  u'i enjoy having dr krauser as a colleague on healthtap  he is an asset to healthtap'  u'knowledegeable and caring answers']
950,[u'thank you for your helpful answers and quick response i hope you have a wonderful holiday and stay safe'  u'dr mansour is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr mansour is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
951,[u'clear  comprhensive  insightful answers for both patients and other physicians  i recommend dr scuba for your medical/surgical questions'  u'an extremely knowledgeable oral surgeon'  u'great omfs!!']
952,[u'being trained  licensed  & board certified both medically (both otolaryngology and facial plastic & reconstructive surgery) and dentally (oral & maxillofacial surgery) drgallia is in possession of an incredibly impressive breadth of training  knowledge  and experience in his field  his answers to questions are clear  precise  & very helpful &it is my pleasure to recommend him very highly indeed'  u'although i live far from dr lou  i have had the chance to see his recommendations  his accolades and his patient satisfaction i highly recommend dr lou for his experience  recognition nationally and his devotion to his community of patients'  u'great doctor he gets right to the point  addresses the issue in a straightforward manner and tells you who to follow up with what more could you want glad to have him here on healthtapcom impressed with his tmj expertise'  u'i have known dr gallia to be extremely knowledgable as an oral surgeon and have been very pleased with the way he has teated my patients  i have no hesitation in recommending him'  u'dr gallia is an expert in his field and i highly recommend searching him out for answers relating to ent  maxillofacial  tmj  and other related areas of interest!'  u'not your basic or all surgeon  best of the best! very experience oral surgeon many additional specialties definitely in good hands and highly recommended!']
953,[uenjoy reading dr elson's advice keep up the good work!  uexcellent doc  you'll appreciate her expertise!]
954,[u'dr fisher is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr fisher is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'definitely puts down thoughtful answers']
955,[u'i fully recommend dr jackson to anyone needing an ophthalmologist as he has provided wonderful answers and seems to care deeply about his field of medicine  great physician and colleague!'  u'has unique ability to clarify difficult concepts and communicate in a very effective fashion  highly recommend'  u'fantastic ophthalmologist! \r\nintelligent  caring answers\r\ni give him my highest recommendation'  u'thank you dr jackson for helping patients and doctors alike understand some complex issues!'  u'i recommend this doctor  very insightful and i learn something new from these answers'  u'salt lake is lucky to have such a top doc!']
956,[ui am impressed by dr todd's consistently outstanding advice which is always expressed in a very concise  although comprehensive  to the point and articulate and professional manner  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'very informative professional']
957,[u'dr bowman is a national recognized expert in foot and ankle surgery  he is well-known for being informative and having plans of meaningful action for patients  i highly endorse him without reservations'  u'dr bowman is a kind caring physician with advanced training in foot and ankle medicine and surgery  he has years of experience and a practice with an outstanding reputation'  u'knowledgeable doctor - if anyone is in houston  their feet would be in good hands with dr bowmanhighly recommended']
958,[uexcellent answers and quick responses with very helpful and thoughtful information offered to patient's questions  u'top doctor']
959,[u'i would recommend and endore dr davantizis without hesitation  dr davantzis does all he can to not only cut through the confusion that patients struggle with  but he does so with well-thought out and meaningful answers  he truly cares not only for his patients  but for the profession of dentistry'  u'i endorse this dentist  i have known dr davantzis professionally and personally for many years  his clinical and interpersonal skills are outstanding  he truly cares for his patients as if they were his own family  i would highly recommend him to anyone in need of dental care'  u'it is a pleasure to speak on behalf of a trusted and proficient colleague whom i have known for 30 years  ted is an intelligent  articulate  compassionate and highly capable clinician  his patients are quite fortunate to have him as their dentist'  u'dr davantzis demonstrates a clear commitment to the dental profession  and to the community his posts on avvo reflect his vast knowledge and expertise  i believe that he is an asset to his profession and to his patients!'  u'i endorse dr davantzis for his ongoing effort to help patients in need of dental advice  for his vast knowledge  and with whom i share his philosophies concerning dental treatment  he is a credit to our profession'  u'dr davantzis gives clear answers and explanantion in a very kind tone  i find myself in agreement with dr davantzis and i endorse this dentist  thank you dr davantzis for your professionalism\nzev kaufman  dds']
960,[u'dr weisberg is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr weisberg is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
961,[u'dr citron is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr citron is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
962,[u'dr sawh is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr sawh is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
963,[u'i have worked with dr enna  he is thorough and very knowledgeable  a very good doc']
964,[u'i have been impressed with dr minich pointed answers with knowledge  depth  wit  and kindness so  i highly recommend her to anyone looking for care / service from her specialty without reservation \r\n\r\n(james) chin-ti lin  md'  u'dr minich is a dedicated doctor  who has been actively answering complex medical questions with compassion  and insight she provides practical and solutions  and recommendations for patients great healthteam expert'  u'i highly endorse dr diane mimich as an expert in her field and as an asset to the healthtap community of experts she is knowledgeable  insightful and empathetic i think that she is an asset  to our physician panel'  u'i have learned a great deal from dr minich here on healthtap and have learned a great deal from her thoughtful  expert  and helpful answers to her patients i look forward to learning more from her!'  u'i recommend dr minich she is providing a valuable service to the public via healthtap she provides sensible  accurate and respectful input i endorse dr minich'  u'dr minich is an extremely knowledgeable physician who obviously care greatly for her patients and their health she is a terrific asset to the healthtap community!']
965,[u'dr tsiouris is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr tsiouris is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
966,[u'i highly endorse dr david carl houghton as an expert on both healthtap and healthtap prime his comments are asture and educational for both patients and physicians alike dr houghton is an asset to the healthtap community']
967,[u'dr amawi is providing an excellent service to the public on health tap he shares his vast knowledge of psychiatry in a way that is easy to understand  i r ecommend dr amawi'  u'dr bassam amawi is an excellent physician  very knowledgeable passionate  and on the top of his field he is a great value to the people of fl  and to the family of health tap'  u'dr amawi is a skilled  knowledgeable  and caring physician; he is accessible and generous with his expertise here on healthtap'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'competent  caring and experienced dr amawi is a great physician'  u'knowledgeable  caring answers  thank you']
968,[u'dr southard answers questions in a very succinct and thoughtful manner he has an obvious depth of knowledge that would benefit any patient'  u'patient  compassionate  encouraging  and obviously enjoys teaching medicine with clear explanations very highly recommend this physician'  u'highly recommend']
969,[u'dr yadalla is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr yadalla is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
970,[uit's a pleasure to read through dr pizzo's clear and direct answers to healthtap patients' questions not only do they reflect the tremendous scope of his knowledge and experience  but they convey genuine caring and warmth those seeking examples of what constitutes great bedside manner need look no further than dr pizzo's answers!  u'dr albert pizzo is an excellent physician  his responses are knowledgeable  intuitive  and practical  additionally  dr pizzo is caring and engaging  he has a wonderful bedside manner  it is a pleasure to have him as a colleague on healthtap!'  u'experienced knowledgeable expert in family medicine an impressive breadth of medical knowledge delivered with a caring manner highly recommend'  u'he is a  knowledgeable expert on hormone disorder  cough  thyroid hormones  sleep  anti aging medicine- he is helping the healthtap community'  u'great physician  clearly an expert  in the field he works well with both patients and colleagues alike highly recommended!'  u'dr pizzo has some wonderfully succinct and very accurate answers  i highly recommend him  dr don e millner']
971,[u'fast  fantastic answers to often complex questions  truly an asset to the medical community a true national leader in colon and rectal surgery highly recommended']
972,[u'dr dang is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr dang is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
973,[u'dr mangat is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr mangat is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
974,[u'recommend dr munshower with the highest accolades  his answers on health tap are thoughtful  caring and scientifically accurate  he possesses the ability to answer patients questions intelligently while at the same time providing excellent health education and informing patients in a thoughtful manner  the highest recommendation'  umost people spend more time shopping for a new car than they select a physician it's important to find a physician you trust and feel comfortable with dr john c munshower is the only one you need to know he is a human being who cares about people  i'm really learning a lot from him highly recommended  ui see many of dr munshower's patients  i hear from them over and over how much they enjoy having him for their primary care doctor and that they think they are receiving excellent care from him  u'i fully recommend dr munshower to anyone needing his help as he seems to care deeply about his field of family medicine great physician and colleague and asset to the community at healthtap!'  u'dr john munshower is a knowledgeable  experienced  and caring physician  his responses are clear  concise  and practical  i am pleased to have dr munshower as a colleague on healthtap!'  udr munshower provides excellent  concise  accurate recommendations to patients' questions  that are well meaningful and relevant i value his contributions to the health tap forum]
975,[u'being trained  licensed  & board certified both medically (both otolaryngology and facial plastic & reconstructive surgery) and dentally (oral & maxillofacial surgery) drgallia is in possession of an incredibly impressive breadth of training  knowledge  and experience in his field  his answers to questions are clear  precise  & very helpful &it is my pleasure to recommend him very highly indeed'  u'although i live far from dr lou  i have had the chance to see his recommendations  his accolades and his patient satisfaction i highly recommend dr lou for his experience  recognition nationally and his devotion to his community of patients'  u'great doctor he gets right to the point  addresses the issue in a straightforward manner and tells you who to follow up with what more could you want glad to have him here on healthtapcom impressed with his tmj expertise'  u'i have known dr gallia to be extremely knowledgable as an oral surgeon and have been very pleased with the way he has teated my patients  i have no hesitation in recommending him'  u'dr gallia is an expert in his field and i highly recommend searching him out for answers relating to ent  maxillofacial  tmj  and other related areas of interest!'  u'not your basic or all surgeon  best of the best! very experience oral surgeon many additional specialties definitely in good hands and highly recommended!']
976,[u'a concise answer  compassion and experience is what you will get when dr krauser answers one of your questions  such a great value to the healthtap community!'  u'dr krauser is very knowledgeable and caring  he is a tremendous asset to the medical community and to healthtap  i highly recommend him'  u'thank you to my good colleague for providng some timely advice for my treatment on a neurology patient'  u'a treasured expert in his field  and very knowledgeable in many others\r\nhighly recommend'  u'i enjoy having dr krauser as a colleague on healthtap  he is an asset to healthtap'  u'knowledegeable and caring answers']
977,[u'dr cabrera is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr cabrera is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
978,[u'dr vallury gives great advice on a wide variety of topics  she is very knowledgeable as well as articulate and caring'  u'dr vallury displays the expertise and caring that exemplifies the ideal family dr'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'very accurate and timely responses'  u'thank you fantastic answers']
979,[uasslamo aliakum \nsir main india se hoon aur meri age 24 hai my height is 5'8 and my weight is 81 \nmujhe mera weight kaafi zyada lagta hai \nplease sir tell kaise weight loss karun?  u'dr naeem is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr naeem is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
980,[u'he has excellent knowledge  judgement  know-how  and healthtap answers! a terrific combination of practical wisdom and scholarly experience'  u'excellent cardiologist  his posts are always informative for patients'  u'very helpful answers!']
981,[u'dr miller is consistently helpful to patients and colleagues he has an excellent fund of medical knowledge and his answers are alway clear  concise and helpful we are fortunate to have him as part of the health tap community'  u'i recommend dr miller  very dedicated and great doctor he provides very good care to his patients and offers useful and assertive answers to their questions caring and thoughtful'  u'i would like to welcome dr miller to healthtap  he is providing an excellent service to the public through the informative and spot on responses he gives i endorse dr miller'  u'dr miller cares deeply for his patients he is current in his knowledge and skills  and reads voraciously on new medical research i recommend his advice without reservation!'  u'dr philip miller is an excellent physician very knowledgeable passionate and on the top of his field he is a great value to the peolpe of  fl and to the family of health tap'  u'dr miller is well connected to the world of medicine  sharing his advice and expertise to benefit others in need i highly recommend him\r\n\r\ndr jeffrey bassman']
982,nan
983,[u'i endorse this doctor he is knowledgeable  empathetic and follows standards of care']
984,[u'd rahmad m hadied  is an excellent physician  very knowledgeable passionate  and on the top of his field he is a great value to the people of mi  and to the family of health tap'  u'caring and insightful surgeon who demonstrates a clear commitment to patients here on health tap  his clinic patients are fortunate to have his care  i learn a lot from him'  u'outstanding knowledge of orthopedics and acupuncture dr hadied is clearly providing a valuable public service on health tap i recommend dr hadied'  u'fast  fantastic answers to often complex questions  truly an asset to the medical community a true national leader in orthopedic health care'  u'i believe doctor hadied deserve the best doctor on this site for his work for the past year\r\ngood luck please continue to help other'  u'his answers to the questions asked always seem to be very intelligent i highly recommend him']
985,[uafter reading some of dr engrav's thoughtful and informative responses to questions i must compliment her both on her knowledge and empathy for patients  she sounds like a terrific physician]
986,[u'dr glukh is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr glukh is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
987,[udr werner is a highly knowledgeable  compassionate and caring physician (cardiologist) who has helped countless people on healthtap his thank you notes are a testimony to how much the people he helps appreciate him i'd like to add my thank you too  u'this highly knowledgeable physician is amazingly articulate and responds to complex questions with clear and easily understood explanations would certainly use him as my cardiologist if he were closer'  u'knowledgeable  dedicated  experienced  and caring excellent and to the point answers and advice a real asset to the healthtap community thank you for your contributions'  u'i have known dr werner and follow his experty in cardiovascular health since i joined healthtap he is a knowledgeable and dedicated physician whom i highly recommend'  u'excellent   well explained and timely responses  he is highly recognized in the  cardiology  community and a terrific clinical resource for healthtap'  u'dr werner provides among the best answers on health tap his answers are accurate  understandable  always informative  reliable and compassionate']
988,[udr ingram's responses demonstrate a depth of knowledge about his specialty and are always accurate and phrased so that the questioner can understand them easily he has a wry sense of humor and i find him quite enjoyable to read would recommend him highly  ui am so impressed with dr ingram's breath of knowledge in obstetrics and gynecology  the information he provides is accurate  understandable  compassionate and with just the right tincture of humor i endorse dr ingram  u'dr ingram demonstrates a wide knowledge base  with accurate  insightful answers  he is a corner stone of healthtap  teaching both doctors and patients about topics covering many of the questions we come across'  u'intelligent  caring gives great answers\r\nhighly recommend'  u'excellent responses showing in depth knowledge'  u'caring  knowledgeable  dedicated physician!']
989,[u'i highly endorse dr david carl houghton as an expert on both healthtap and healthtap prime his comments are asture and educational for both patients and physicians alike dr houghton is an asset to the healthtap community']
990,[u'anything dr yoder comments on is always bang-on accurate articulate & wise  i\'m tempted to place her web-sites on my home page!  she makes me miss the outstanding professors i learned from in training thanks doc!'  u'thank you for getting me started with health tap - this is a great resouce i hope to use to enhance patient care  it is also a great resource for me  to refer to my growing network of specialists'  udr pam yoder's answers are both thoughtful and empathetic  giving members the information they are looking for  plus additional insights and ideas as added bonuses  u'dryoder is a fantastic  highly knowledgable and dedicated physician her impact here at health tap has been impressive to say the least i highly recommend dryoder'  u'she is knowledgeable on healthy living  fitness and exercise  sonogram we share an interest in healthy living  she is an asset on health tap'  ulove dr yoder's answers on healthtap  they are detailed and easy for patients to understand  nice work]
991,[u'i truly appreciate the work you guys do! thank you for being part of this community!  keep up the good work!'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'very timely and accurate responses']
992,[u'dr batelli is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr batelli is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
993,[u'dr franz is a well-rounded physician who offers practical  helpful suggestions  she is knowledgeable in both conventional and integrative treatments  and is a real boon to healthtap  thank you  dr franz!'  u'dr franz provides an exceptional public service on healthtap she clearly has both breath and depth of knowledge in pediatrics and many other areas in medicine i recommend dr  franz'  u'wonderful physician! great to have such a knowledgeable and open minded voice in the field of pediatrics'  ubest peds doc ever!  thanks for taking such good care of florida's kids!  uanswers patient's questions in a timely manner  very knowledgeable!  u'wow consider yourself fortunate to find such a caring physician']
994,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'great doctor to follow extremely accurate answers very knowledgable'  u'very detail oriented excellent and thoughtful answers'  u'very knowledgeable with  excellent answers and advice']
995,[u'i recommend dr conovalciuc he provides really interesting (& spot on) responses on healthtap  his responses are often not run of the mill - which is why i enjoy reading & learning from them here is clearly very knowledgeable about medicine he is providing an excellent service to the public on healthtap i endorse dr conovalciuc'  u'dr conovalciuc is a fantastic family physician who not only cares for his patients in person but for those in this online community by giving clear & thoughtful answers on a regular basis in the process  he teaches the rest of us & reminds us of why we entered this profession in the first place thank you  dr c!'  udr conovalciuc's answers are clear  easy for patients to understand  and show his experience and tremendous breadth of knowledge he seems to be a very caring person and a great asset  to health tap  u'dr conovalciuc is the most versatile  knowledgeable  compassionate doctor  he goes out of his way to help millions of people by participating actively in this project'  u'dr conovalciuc consistently gives clear  helpful and compassionate answers to patients on healthtap i recommend him as a kind and knowledgeable physician'  u'dr conovalciuc it generous with his time to one and all  i am glad i got to know him on healthtap  and learn from him']
996,[u'thanks for your contribution at health tap'  u'fantastic answers a great physician!']
997,[u'dr khan has provided great answers to difficult questions he has also been supportive  helpful  and a wonderful health tap physician  who takes to time to  help new doctors with the platform he is a wealth of knowledge  and great clinical information great job!'  u'dr qamar khan offers great responses on healthtap he is very good at his craft and his knowledge comes through clearly and succinctly it is great to have such an active pain management doc on healthtap we will all be enriched by his responses'  u'excellent well thought out answers an excellent resource for patients and an asset to healthtap anybody who takes their personal time  to answer patient questions and does so without anything in return is fine by me'  udr khan consistently answers challenging questions with knowledge   patience and compassion it's a great privilege to be his colleague here on healthtap i highly recommend dr khan  ui have just reviewed several of dr khan's answers and from what i 've seen they have all been thoughtful  concise without being glib  in plain language  and they answer the question!  u'dr kahn is very knowledgeable  thoughtful and answers complex questions in a straightforward easily understandable manner  he is an outstanding asset to the healthtap community']
998,[u'i really enjoy reading the information dr bonuel provides  he has a holistic approach and clearly is capable of thinking outside the box in a way that really benefits patients  he is providing an excellent service to the public via healthtap  i recommend dr bonuel'  u'dr bonuel provides concise answers  and links for patients to learn more about their issues  and is an excellent doctor appreciate him being part of the health tap team of outstanding doctors'  u'i fully recommend dr bonuel to anyone needing his help as he seems to care deeply about his field of internal medicine great physician and colleague and asset to the community at healthtap!'  u'dr bonuel is a caring  knowledgeable physician who shares his time on healthtap generously  he answers questions with the whole person in mind  i recommend dr bonuel'  udr bonuel's posts are always thought provoking  one can truly see the commitment and passion to medicine  keep the great answers coming  u'thank you for caring and helping the health tap community of patients and doctors!  keep up the great job!']
999,[udr guyette is a skilled and excellent hand surgeon and has my highest recommendations  i routinely refer patient's to him]
1000,[u'knowledgeable and caring what more could you ask for?']
1001,[u'dr david levens is one of the most respected plastic surgeons in the south florida area  he has outstanding academic training  and patients referred to him comment about both his professionalism  wonderful bedside manner  and most importantly  are extremely pleased with the cosmetic results of their procedures  patients return to him for further procedures which is a great compliment to his abilities\n\ni highly recommend dr levens as one of the best plastic surgeons that i have known  and am confident that he will continue to provide the very best in evaluating patients  discussing all the various options  and using the most advanced plastic surgery procedures available for his patients']
1002,[u'dr fox has shown compassion and insight to all in her encounters  her knowledge and insight are keen  and her answers are on the money\r\n\r\ni highly recommend dr fox for her clinical and personal skills'  u'a concise answer  compassion and experience is what you will get when dr fox answers one of your questions  such a great value to the healthtap community!'  udr fox provides a wealth of informative  accurate  and compassionate answers to patients' questions on healthtap  she's a great asset to the site!  u'dr fox is an excellent and compassionate \r\npsychologist and always has best intention for his patient in mind '  u'dr fox provides excellent information about clinical psychology on healthtap i recommend dr fox'  u'great answers and comprehensive expertise for both patients and colleagues to learn from!']
1003,[u'i highly endorse dr khondker as an expert on both healthtap and healthtap prime his commentaries and insights  are astute and educational for both patients and physicians alike he is an asset to the healthtap community of physicians'  u'dr khondker is a compassionate and knowledgeable physician his answers are on point pleasure to have as a healthtap colleague!'  u'thorough and compassionate answers  with excellent collaboration with colleagues'  u'respected specialist in internal medicine highly recommend'  u'good solid fund of information'  u'voted for you']
1004,[u'dr tsai is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr tsai is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1005,[uafter reading some of dr engrav's thoughtful and informative responses to questions i must compliment her both on her knowledge and empathy for patients  she sounds like a terrific physician]
1006,[u'dr lewis is a very caring physician who shares practical  knowledgeable answers on healthtap  i always enjoy his posts  and patients are lucky to have access to him here!'  u'dr lewis is providing an exceptional service to the public on healthtap his expertise in family medicine and medicine in general is very apparent  i recommend dr lewis'  u'fast  fantastic answers to often complex questions  truly an asset to the medical community a true national leader in primary care medicine'  u'dr lewis gives thoughtful and knowledgable answers'  u'very bright physician'  u'a great physician']
1007,[udr werner is a highly knowledgeable  compassionate and caring physician (cardiologist) who has helped countless people on healthtap his thank you notes are a testimony to how much the people he helps appreciate him i'd like to add my thank you too  u'this highly knowledgeable physician is amazingly articulate and responds to complex questions with clear and easily understood explanations would certainly use him as my cardiologist if he were closer'  u'knowledgeable  dedicated  experienced  and caring excellent and to the point answers and advice a real asset to the healthtap community thank you for your contributions'  u'i have known dr werner and follow his experty in cardiovascular health since i joined healthtap he is a knowledgeable and dedicated physician whom i highly recommend'  u'excellent   well explained and timely responses  he is highly recognized in the  cardiology  community and a terrific clinical resource for healthtap'  u'dr werner provides among the best answers on health tap his answers are accurate  understandable  always informative  reliable and compassionate']
1008,[u'he is professional and respectful dr john is the man he is amazing i would highly recommend this doctor and have to anyone'  u'dr geisler is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr geisler is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1009,[u'i really enjoy reading the information dr bonuel provides  he has a holistic approach and clearly is capable of thinking outside the box in a way that really benefits patients  he is providing an excellent service to the public via healthtap  i recommend dr bonuel'  u'dr bonuel provides concise answers  and links for patients to learn more about their issues  and is an excellent doctor appreciate him being part of the health tap team of outstanding doctors'  u'i fully recommend dr bonuel to anyone needing his help as he seems to care deeply about his field of internal medicine great physician and colleague and asset to the community at healthtap!'  u'dr bonuel is a caring  knowledgeable physician who shares his time on healthtap generously  he answers questions with the whole person in mind  i recommend dr bonuel'  udr bonuel's posts are always thought provoking  one can truly see the commitment and passion to medicine  keep the great answers coming  u'thank you for caring and helping the health tap community of patients and doctors!  keep up the great job!']
1010,[u'dr udupa is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr udupa is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1011,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
1012,[u'dr humes is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr humes is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1013,[u'dr fine is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr fine is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1014,[u'grat accurate responses!']
1015,[u'knowledgeable answers  cares for patients'  u'great dentist!!!']
1016,[u'dr achong has given great  practical  and caring answers to all the questions i have seen him answer  i would have no difficulty referring patients into his care'  u'dr achong is extremely knowledgeable  dedicated  informative and articulate with his spot on answers  his patients are lucky to have him as their doctor!'  ui am impressed with dr achong's depth of knowledge and commitment to dentistry i recommend dr achong to anyone in need of oral surgery services  u'dr achong is a cogent thinker who takes time to submit compehensive answers which is reflective of his desire for providing outstanding care'  u'informative  thoughtful answers dr achong has consistently provided excellent information for both patients and other practitioners'  u'i recommend you as a well know expert in your field\r\ndr jakavick would recommend this dr to all who seek their expertise']
1017,[u'dr phasouk is a knowledgeable family physician with an excellent sense of humor and realistic attitude towards daily living he seems to related well to patients and his answers to questions are correct and straightforward recommend him highly'  u'dr ryan phasouk practices family medicine  a specialty in which one needs to have both broad and deep knowledge in many areas  he takes on healthtap questions that hare difficult and answers them with clarity and kindness'  u'an outstanding physician with excellent responses to questions very informative refreshing in this age of new medicine to find someone as well rounded in all areas of medicine !'  u'dr phasouk is a real asset to healthtap he has a well rounded knowledge of medicine and provides understandable and accurate answers to question i endorse dr phasouk'  u'dr phasouk actively contributes his knowledge and expertise to give accurate  and meaningful advice on a timely manner he is an asset to the health tap team'  u'dr phasouk is clearly a very knowledgeable physician who gets straight to the point with his very informative answers an asset to health tap!']
1018,[u'dr grossman is a knowledgeable and dedicated dentist with well thought out and articulate answers'  u'excellent info']
1019,[u'dr holly maes is an excellent pediatrician and she has a wealth of experience which spans across specialties her answers are practical  concise  and intuitive she is also kind and caring as evidenced in her responses i am delighted to have dr maes as my colleague on healthtap!'  u'excellent well thought out answers an excellent resource for patients and an asset to healthtap anybody who takes their personal time  to answer patient questions and does so without anything in return is fine by me'  u'dr maes provides superb  detailed when necessary & accurate answers par excellance  to very wide range of both pediatric & adult questions i would thus like to endorse with the highest possible recommendation'  u'dr maes answers to difficult pediatric questions are educational for both patient and fellow physicians alikeshe is a wonderful asset to the healthtap community highly recommended!'  u'dr holly maes is accurate and succinct in her answers her background and experience clearly shines!  i highly recommend her!   dr don e millner magd ficoi'  u'i highly recommend dr maes  she provides thoughtful answers and is a wonderful resource for us on health tap i am thankful to be her colleague']
1020,[uhe's quick to respond with great informative answer's that make good  clear sense  u'dr giannotta is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr giannotta is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1021,[u'i am honored to have the opportunity to critique my good colleague  dr rhoads  her warm and inviting personality is exactly what is needed to jump start any professional relationship she then  follows this up with a wealth of accurate medical knowledge demonstrating her clinical acumen as a family physician through & through my thanks for her collegiality & desire to be a part of this network'  ui don't think you can find a more skilled  bright  knowledgeable physician with the natural ability to make people feel at ease than dr rhodes i'm always happy to see her answers because i learn a lot from her bedside manner shes the kind of person that i imagine shines a light in every room she walks into healing is an art  and she is a gifted artist! keep up the strong work and kind smile!  u'what a find on healthtap! dr rhoads\' answers are friendly  easy to understand  yet right-on-point and comprehensive her kentucky patients are truly fortunate to have such a medical expert & resource at hand! i\'m following her feed with interest  & commend her to anyone looking for straight-up medical insight'  u'dr rhoads is a delight and asset to healthtap  not only are her answers clear  concise and helpful but she backs them up with data  i a great doctor to learn from and a great family doctor to consult!  i highly recommend her  kentucky is lucky!'  u'dr susan rhoads is a dedicated doctor  sharp  analyzes patient problems well  her rapport and lovely presence sets her high as a professional  reminds me of the true spirits of the real family dr  marcos welby style  rare in in our hectic times '  u'i appreciate the quality and caring of dr rhoads answers she knows so much and is so generous with her knowledge we all benefit from her contributions here and families in her community are fortunate to have her in person']
1022,[udrdavis comes to ht with unique medical training background and unique skills  and with that comes her unique answers and insights here on this forum she is a competent  dedicated  compassionate physician and it's truly a pleasure to recommend her  udr davis is a very knowledgeable  hardworking physician she provides helpful  practical responses to all kinds of questions in adult and pediatric medicine  i'm glad to have her as a healthtap colleague  and highly recommend her  u'dr davis has shown a level of caring and straight-forward communication that is rare in doctors today  she is a genuine individual with an obvious dedication to her patients  she has my highest recommendation !'  u'dr davis is very smart and give great advice  her background as a clinical pharmacist certainly enhances her understanding of complex medical conditions and treatments  she has my highest recommendation!'  u'dr davis is an extremely knowledgeable and caring physician and i continue to learn from reading her answers she is an asset to her patients and the healthtap community'  u'a concise answer  compassion and experience is what you will get when dr davis answers one of your questions  such a great value to the healthtap community!']
1023,[u'dr zeidman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr zeidman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'quick with good rationale behind his answers']
1024,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
1025,[u'dr cole-hoover is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr cole-hoover is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1026,[udr schleimer  simply stated  amazes me with his vast knowledge  independent thinking  spot on answers  professionalism and articulate responses  i'm sure his patients are lucky to have him as their dentist and receiving the highest quality dentistry  u'dr schleimer  is very knowledgeable  his answers reflect  the  understanding  of  dental  health that comes with experience  and education we can all learn and  benefit from this doctor'  u'with all of the prefabricated mcbraces out there dr schleimer is one who focuses on what is best for the patient  not selling what people want when it is not sound'  u'thorough  precise & detailed very impressive'  u'accurate and timely opinions'  u'i recommend this physician!']
1027,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'very knowledgable doctor   great answers and a great doctor to follow!']
1028,[u'thank you for bringing your expertise to health tap for both the patients and the doctors to benefit from !!!  i appreciate your advice!'  u'an excellent ent surgeon who provides succinct yet thorough and compassionate answers i would highly recommend dr gergits'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
1029,[u'dr gabor  has an outstanding knowledge base of both diagnostic radiology and of medicine in general (across the board)  he is providing a valuable service to the public via healthtap i endorse dr gabor'  u'dr michael gabor is an excellent physician  very knowledgeable passionate  and on the top of his field he is a great value to the people of ny  and to the family of health tap'  u'dr gabor is a very knowledgeable and compassionate doctor always enjoy reading his insightful answers highly recommended'  u'understandable answers  educates us all both patients and doctors alike  generous and collaborative recommended to all!'  u'dr gabor has been an excellent consultant and is a great asset to thr healthtap prime physician community'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
1030,[u'dr makowiec is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr makowiec is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1031,[u'i highly endorse dr jeffrey bassman as an expert on health tap and healthtap prime his comments and insights are educational for both patients and physicians he is an asset to the healthtap community'  u'dr bassman is an extremely knowledgeable and dedicated dentist excellent answers and advice'  u'very knowledgable  fantastic answers with quick responses\nexcellent  excellent doctor!'  u'excellent responses to questions and very supportive of patients strongly recommended'  u'i highly recommend dr bassman and thank you for your contributions to healthtap'  u'a very knowledgable and compassionate doctor always gives very sound advice']
1032,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'dr barnett offers compassionate and concise medical wisdom well done!'  u'great answers very helpful thank you!']
1033,[u'dr greenleaf is very knowledgeable and thorough with her patients  and demonstrates the perfect balance between professionalism and altruism with them']
1034,[u'nice job with direct answers very helpful']
1035,[u'i recommend dr kunen his responses on health tap are compassionate  right on target and  understandable he is providing an excellent service to the public on health tap'  u'dr kunen replies to healthtap questions in wonderfully kind  insightful  and informative ways  i am happy to recommend him']
1036,[u'very thoughtful extremely knowledgeable a great doctor a great human being it is my pleasure to be able to write this recommendation'  u'dr rafat provides excellent information on podiatry to the public via healthtap'  u'dr raft enjoys his practice and wants to share his knowledge-dave'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
1037,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
1038,[u'dr del valle is providing an excellent service to the public via healthtap he in clearly knowledge about anesthesiology & many other areas of medicine i endorse dr del valle'  u'excellent answers and is always very supportive to patients on healthtap'  u'great responses very accurate comes highly recommended'  u'very intelligent  caring answers\r\nhighly recommend'  u'very accurate and informative responses'  u'nice answers great job']
1039,[u'i recommend dr conovalciuc he provides really interesting (& spot on) responses on healthtap  his responses are often not run of the mill - which is why i enjoy reading & learning from them here is clearly very knowledgeable about medicine he is providing an excellent service to the public on healthtap i endorse dr conovalciuc'  u'dr conovalciuc is a fantastic family physician who not only cares for his patients in person but for those in this online community by giving clear & thoughtful answers on a regular basis in the process  he teaches the rest of us & reminds us of why we entered this profession in the first place thank you  dr c!'  udr conovalciuc's answers are clear  easy for patients to understand  and show his experience and tremendous breadth of knowledge he seems to be a very caring person and a great asset  to health tap  u'dr conovalciuc is the most versatile  knowledgeable  compassionate doctor  he goes out of his way to help millions of people by participating actively in this project'  u'dr conovalciuc consistently gives clear  helpful and compassionate answers to patients on healthtap i recommend him as a kind and knowledgeable physician'  u'dr conovalciuc it generous with his time to one and all  i am glad i got to know him on healthtap  and learn from him']
1040,[u'dr cattano provides thoughful  interesting  accurate and understandable responses on healthtap  he is providing an excellent service to the public i learn by reading his input i recommend dr cattano'  ui very much enjoy dr cattano's insightful and thorough answers to  patient questions on the site  i highly recommend  him as a source of gi knowledge  great work !  ui enjoy reading dr cattano's responses on healthtap -- they teach me something every time  he's a wonderful physician and contributor here -- highly recommended!  u'a concise answer  compassion and experience is what you will get when dr cattano answers one of your questions  such a great value to the healthtap community!'  u'dr cattano is a font of wisdom!  everyone  docs and patients  can profit from his excellent posts  his courtesy and respect for us all is also admirable'  u'drcattano is obviously  from his online answers  a very knowledgeable and competent gastroenterologist i would be his patient if i lived in his area']
1041,[u'excellent family practitioner experienced dedicated knowledgeable caring and takes time with his patients'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
1042,[u'dr inwood is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr inwood is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr inwood is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'tks for info  appreciate that you suggested more than one possibility'  u'i am grateful for this doctor this thanksgiving!']
1043,[u'i am grateful to drgrin for educating not only myself  but all of us here at healthtap about pain management  and  moreover  i am grateful to him for his openness to the effects of psychotherapy i have encountered many pain practitioners who devalue therapy as being unneeded  and that medication solves everything no so for dr grin  and i am relieved he is more forward thinking & collaborative!'  u'what a great guy  excellent physician  wonderful colleague and all around genius in the area of pain as well in a surprising range of other areas  i learn from him every day and have recommended that my own daughter read his information to help sort out her tmj  he does not hesitate to tackle any question and returns clear explanations of the most complex issues seasoned with true compassion'  u'dr grin is a wonderful colleague and physician he is knowledgeable in multiple areas not only in the scope of pain management his genuine compassion is evident not only in the way he cares for patients  but for the community of physicians here on healthtap as well we are all lucky to have him share his wisdom with us!'  u'i am endorsing dr grin he is providing an excellent service to the public on healthtap the medical information  dr grin provides is accurate & understandable dr grin is clearly very knowledgeable about pain management and medicine in general'  uhave been reading dr grin's responses and have been impressed with his lucid explanations of issues that are difficult to explain to non-medical personnel he is thorough  concise  and provides excellent advice  u'i highly endorse dr paul grin as a healthtap and healthtap prime as an expert his commentaries and clinical insights are astute and educational to both patients and physicians he is an asset to our community']
1044,[u'dr dembski is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr dembski is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1045,[u'dr schreiber is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr schreiber is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1046,[u'thank you doc thats what i thought the history is lengthy lost my aunt and grandmother to it and my uncle has it thank you again for your help'  u'dr westmoreland is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr westmoreland is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'best doctor i have ever seen']
1047,[u'dr romans is not only an expert in his field but an asset to healthtap for his vast medical knowledge and compassionate care  he is a great patient advocate'  u'doctor romans does an outstanding job of responding to questions with clarity and precision  a great skill in tele-health practice'  u'dr romans gives excellent  clear advice he is an amazing doctor!'  u'respected expert in internal medicine highly recommend'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
1048,[u'being trained  licensed  & board certified both medically (both otolaryngology and facial plastic & reconstructive surgery) and dentally (oral & maxillofacial surgery) drgallia is in possession of an incredibly impressive breadth of training  knowledge  and experience in his field  his answers to questions are clear  precise  & very helpful &it is my pleasure to recommend him very highly indeed'  u'although i live far from dr lou  i have had the chance to see his recommendations  his accolades and his patient satisfaction i highly recommend dr lou for his experience  recognition nationally and his devotion to his community of patients'  u'great doctor he gets right to the point  addresses the issue in a straightforward manner and tells you who to follow up with what more could you want glad to have him here on healthtapcom impressed with his tmj expertise'  u'i have known dr gallia to be extremely knowledgable as an oral surgeon and have been very pleased with the way he has teated my patients  i have no hesitation in recommending him'  u'dr gallia is an expert in his field and i highly recommend searching him out for answers relating to ent  maxillofacial  tmj  and other related areas of interest!'  u'not your basic or all surgeon  best of the best! very experience oral surgeon many additional specialties definitely in good hands and highly recommended!']
1049,[u'dr grossman is a knowledgeable and dedicated dentist with well thought out and articulate answers'  u'excellent info']
1050,[u'i highly recommend dr ho although she specializes in hematology and oncology - it is clear that her expertise extends well beyond that she provides accurate  informative and easy to understand information she is a real asset to healthtap'  u'compassionate  on-target answers from a very wise physician  dr ho is a wonderful part of the healthtap community  and provides excellent public service'  u'dr ho gives concise  pertinent information  and shares her vast knowledge and expertise over a wide variety of areas in medicine excellent work!'  u'dr ho has a vast fund of knowledge that allows for effectively contributing to this online community of health'  u'i recommend this doctor  very insightful and i learn something new from these answers'  udr liawaty ho consistently provides knowledgeable and caring answers she's great!]
1051,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'thanks for your valuable contributions']
1052,[u'i find dr machanic to be a distinguished  caring  compassionate  and dedicated neurologist specializing in such difficult  complex cases i feel lucky to know him thru the healthtap network  as he has helped so many patients i am glad to meet him  and hope to continue our professional dialogue together  and learn from his vast knowledge base excellent advice given!'  u'dr machanic is a phenomenal asset to healthtap his recommendations are spot-on and his years of experience certainly shines through i even find myself learning from his knowledge in the field of neurology thanks for your contribution!'  u'dr machanic represents one of the most accomplished professionals in our network at healthtapcom his answers are extremely valuable for users and professionals equally  and his opinion is regarded with admiration to his excellence'  u'i have the pleasure of knowing dr machanic professionally and personally he is a caring physician  a wellspring of knowledge  and a funny guy! he provides valuable wisdom  information and perspective in the neurology community'  u'dr bennett machanic is a highly trained and expert neurologist who gives very good expert clinical opinions i highly recommend dr machanic to anyone who is seeking a consultation with a neurologist thank you dr machanic'  u'dr machanic provided a thoughtful response to a curbside consult on cidp  his willingness to help out with a clinical question is very much appreciated thank you  dr machanic!']
1053,[u'great  thorough  kind  and extremely knowledgeable clinician  i now first hand from working with him and from mutual patients  highly recommend for dental care in the chicagoland area'  uknowledgeable  dedicated  caring  thorough  experienced  sensible he's got everything what more would you want in a dentist?  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
1054,[u'i have been impressed with dr minich pointed answers with knowledge  depth  wit  and kindness so  i highly recommend her to anyone looking for care / service from her specialty without reservation \r\n\r\n(james) chin-ti lin  md'  u'dr minich is a dedicated doctor  who has been actively answering complex medical questions with compassion  and insight she provides practical and solutions  and recommendations for patients great healthteam expert'  u'i highly endorse dr diane mimich as an expert in her field and as an asset to the healthtap community of experts she is knowledgeable  insightful and empathetic i think that she is an asset  to our physician panel'  u'i have learned a great deal from dr minich here on healthtap and have learned a great deal from her thoughtful  expert  and helpful answers to her patients i look forward to learning more from her!'  u'i recommend dr minich she is providing a valuable service to the public via healthtap she provides sensible  accurate and respectful input i endorse dr minich'  u'dr minich is an extremely knowledgeable physician who obviously care greatly for her patients and their health she is a terrific asset to the healthtap community!']
1055,[u'dr de la vega is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1056,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'highly recommend']
1057,[u'dr ginsberg is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr ginsberg is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1058,[u'dr stephen rothstein is the only ent surgeon you need to know in nyc he gives unbiased advice  let people participate actively in all decisions related to their health and health care  assesses each situation carefully  and help whatever the situation he promotes healths as well as treats disease great asset to health tap'  u'very knowledgable and compassionate doctor who gives practical advice i love following dr rothstein and enjoy reading his answers  always learn something new while reading the answers highly recommended ent doctor'  u'steve is a great guy  well trained  well-mannered  and well-liked by me  for one  as well as the other insightful  docs on healthtap  who recognize excellence when they see it!'  u'dr rothstein  shares his expert knowledge and caring manner with us here on health tap  and i highly recommend him so glad he is on our team'  u'knowledgeable and kind specialist in ent i trust his answers highly recommend'  u'great answers thank you for all your help']
1059,[u'i would recommend and endore dr davantizis without hesitation  dr davantzis does all he can to not only cut through the confusion that patients struggle with  but he does so with well-thought out and meaningful answers  he truly cares not only for his patients  but for the profession of dentistry'  u'i endorse this dentist  i have known dr davantzis professionally and personally for many years  his clinical and interpersonal skills are outstanding  he truly cares for his patients as if they were his own family  i would highly recommend him to anyone in need of dental care'  u'it is a pleasure to speak on behalf of a trusted and proficient colleague whom i have known for 30 years  ted is an intelligent  articulate  compassionate and highly capable clinician  his patients are quite fortunate to have him as their dentist'  u'dr davantzis demonstrates a clear commitment to the dental profession  and to the community his posts on avvo reflect his vast knowledge and expertise  i believe that he is an asset to his profession and to his patients!'  u'i endorse dr davantzis for his ongoing effort to help patients in need of dental advice  for his vast knowledge  and with whom i share his philosophies concerning dental treatment  he is a credit to our profession'  u'dr davantzis gives clear answers and explanantion in a very kind tone  i find myself in agreement with dr davantzis and i endorse this dentist  thank you dr davantzis for your professionalism\nzev kaufman  dds']
1060,[u'dr mata is a welcomed addition to the avvo community  her answers are well thought out which shows she takes time to provide truly valuable education and insight to her patients  i endorse and recommend dr felicia mata and wish her all the best'  ui endorse dr mata  it's quite apparent that she cares about the quality of her treatment and the well being of her patients it's also evident that she spends a great deal of time educating her patients and stresses preventative care  u'i  would like to endorse dr mata and welcome her to the avvocom community she is providing a public service by providing timely  acurate and insightful information on dental and medical matters'  u'i endorse this dentist dr mata is a very good and professional dentist i would strongly recommend her to anyone!'  u'very thorough & accurate impressive indeed!'  u'great dentist in downtown chicago']
1061,[u'dr leyva jr is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr leyva jr is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1062,[udr newton's simple prescriptions change life! he's really an expert at relieving pains kudos and thanks  u'dr newton is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr newton is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  uall of the above and so much more  he's the best!]
1063,[udr malerman is an invaluable resource for his thorough  sound advice  he has mastered the art of dispensing a large amount of wisdom in 400 words  as he says medical docs don't know much about matters in front of the tonsils  and i learn so much from his posts!  he also is not shy about reinforcing the wisdom of his peers in both the medical and dental profession  u'dr malerman is not only an expert in his field but knows a lot about everything!  he is a welcomed asset to healthtap and a great patient advocate  highly recommended'  u'dr malerman has consistently shown thoughtful and useful advise to patients in his interactions  i highly recommend him for your orthodontic needs !'  udr malerman provides informative  to-the-point responses on healthtap  he's clearly a knowledgeable and caring orthodontist  u'dr  malerman has a vast fund of knowledge that allows for effectively contributing to this online community of health'  u'dr malerman answers truthfully  understandably and is a fountain of vast dental knowledge i doff my hat to him']
1064,[ui highly recommend dr killian for his dedication and excellent and straightforward responses on healthtap he is clearly very knowledgeable in the area of human sexuality and sexually transmitted diseases as well as in men's health and excellent addition to the healthtap team  ui see dr k on line often giving expert and knowledgeable advice from a variety of topics including : human immunodeficiency virus  sexually transmitted infections  aids  gay  lesbian and transgender health  men's health he is a major contributer to the health tap community  udr killian has a vast amount of knowledge and a great ability to separate the wheat from the chaff in answering questions with clarity and wit i appreciate learning from him as much as i'm sure the readers do  too  u'dr killian is informative  clear  compassionate and interesting i look forward to seeing his replies and comments i always learn things that are helpful and often thought provoking a great resource!'  u'dr killian is very knowledgeable and his answers are a great resource to patients here on health tap  i find myself learning a lot from reading his entries'  u'outstanding and to the point answers and advice obviously a very knowledgeable  caring and dedicated doctor']
1065,[u'dr solomon is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr solomon is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1066,[ui have a shoulder impingement i just started pain in my armpit of the same shoulder he was able to detect why i had pain when i put my chin to my chest i didn't mention my impingement he's right  u'he always answers quicklyon nights i was up scared he helped calm mei feel blessed to have a brilliant dr who will reach out and not ask for anything'  uhe answered back quickly even though i didn't get the answer i wanted  he was great help!  ui'm glad he answered my question that was puzzling to me  now i have some peace of mind  u'i am much obliged to dr colantino for his prompt and instructive information'  u'dr colantino is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1067,[u'good work']
1068,[u'dr whitman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr whitman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1069,[u'i recommend this doctor  very insightful and i learn something new from these answers']
1070,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
1071,[u'being trained  licensed  & board certified both medically (both otolaryngology and facial plastic & reconstructive surgery) and dentally (oral & maxillofacial surgery) drgallia is in possession of an incredibly impressive breadth of training  knowledge  and experience in his field  his answers to questions are clear  precise  & very helpful &it is my pleasure to recommend him very highly indeed'  u'although i live far from dr lou  i have had the chance to see his recommendations  his accolades and his patient satisfaction i highly recommend dr lou for his experience  recognition nationally and his devotion to his community of patients'  u'great doctor he gets right to the point  addresses the issue in a straightforward manner and tells you who to follow up with what more could you want glad to have him here on healthtapcom impressed with his tmj expertise'  u'i have known dr gallia to be extremely knowledgable as an oral surgeon and have been very pleased with the way he has teated my patients  i have no hesitation in recommending him'  u'dr gallia is an expert in his field and i highly recommend searching him out for answers relating to ent  maxillofacial  tmj  and other related areas of interest!'  u'not your basic or all surgeon  best of the best! very experience oral surgeon many additional specialties definitely in good hands and highly recommended!']
1072,[u'i recommend this doctor  very insightful and i learn something new from these answers'  u'gives good solid advice on general internal medicine she is an asset to health tap'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
1073,[uexcellent answers and quick responses with very helpful and thoughtful information offered to patient's questions  u'top doctor']
1074,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'great doctor to follow extremely accurate answers very knowledgable'  u'very detail oriented excellent and thoughtful answers'  u'very knowledgeable with  excellent answers and advice']
1075,[u'being trained  licensed  & board certified both medically (both otolaryngology and facial plastic & reconstructive surgery) and dentally (oral & maxillofacial surgery) drgallia is in possession of an incredibly impressive breadth of training  knowledge  and experience in his field  his answers to questions are clear  precise  & very helpful &it is my pleasure to recommend him very highly indeed'  u'although i live far from dr lou  i have had the chance to see his recommendations  his accolades and his patient satisfaction i highly recommend dr lou for his experience  recognition nationally and his devotion to his community of patients'  u'great doctor he gets right to the point  addresses the issue in a straightforward manner and tells you who to follow up with what more could you want glad to have him here on healthtapcom impressed with his tmj expertise'  u'i have known dr gallia to be extremely knowledgable as an oral surgeon and have been very pleased with the way he has teated my patients  i have no hesitation in recommending him'  u'dr gallia is an expert in his field and i highly recommend searching him out for answers relating to ent  maxillofacial  tmj  and other related areas of interest!'  u'not your basic or all surgeon  best of the best! very experience oral surgeon many additional specialties definitely in good hands and highly recommended!']
1076,[u'dr nguyen is a kind and well-trained allergist and immunologist who is skilled at treating both children and adults'  u'very good doctor  go to :)']
1077,[u'a concise answer  compassion and experience is what you will get when dr michalski answers one of your questions  such a great value to the healthtap community!'  u'i endorse dr michalski  he is a powerhouse of knowledge and provides an excellent service to the public via healthtap'  u'a kind and helpful expert who has helped so many\r\nhighly recommend'  u'great responses very accurate comes highly recommended'  u'very knowledgeable and an asset to the health tap system'  u'very timely and accurate responses']
1078,[u'i endorse this dentist dr rosen is so nice and his staff is very friendly i highly recommend his office!'  u'very accurate answers and knowledgeable   great doctor to follow'  u'i endorse this dentist'  u'i endorse this dentist']
1079,[u'dr inwood is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr inwood is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr inwood is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'tks for info  appreciate that you suggested more than one possibility'  u'i am grateful for this doctor this thanksgiving!']
1080,[u'dr durant is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr durant is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1081,[u'great answers!  knowledgeable and caring']
1082,[u'dr kaufer is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr kaufer is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1083,[u'i find dr machanic to be a distinguished  caring  compassionate  and dedicated neurologist specializing in such difficult  complex cases i feel lucky to know him thru the healthtap network  as he has helped so many patients i am glad to meet him  and hope to continue our professional dialogue together  and learn from his vast knowledge base excellent advice given!'  u'dr machanic is a phenomenal asset to healthtap his recommendations are spot-on and his years of experience certainly shines through i even find myself learning from his knowledge in the field of neurology thanks for your contribution!'  u'dr machanic represents one of the most accomplished professionals in our network at healthtapcom his answers are extremely valuable for users and professionals equally  and his opinion is regarded with admiration to his excellence'  u'i have the pleasure of knowing dr machanic professionally and personally he is a caring physician  a wellspring of knowledge  and a funny guy! he provides valuable wisdom  information and perspective in the neurology community'  u'dr bennett machanic is a highly trained and expert neurologist who gives very good expert clinical opinions i highly recommend dr machanic to anyone who is seeking a consultation with a neurologist thank you dr machanic'  u'dr machanic provided a thoughtful response to a curbside consult on cidp  his willingness to help out with a clinical question is very much appreciated thank you  dr machanic!']
1084,[u'very helpful!']
1085,[u'when in rome  do as the romans do; and when in pain  do as the  georgians do  see dr rosenfeld his expertise in diagnosis and treatment of acute and chronic pain conditions such as neck and back pain should be sought after'  u'i strongly recommend dr rosenfeld for with out reservation based on my knowledge of him in this forum'  u'i recommend this doctor  very insightful and i learn something new from these answers'  u'excellent doctor---i wish he was closer to my patients  i enjoy learning from him'  u'partner at a premier pain group in atlanta  he takes good care of my patients'  u'a fantastic physician with caring answers!']
1086,[u'dr cowan is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr cowan is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'quick  succinct answer to my q']
1087,[u'dr fertel is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr fertel is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1088,[u'dr law is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr law is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'helpful app']
1089,[uexcellent answers and quick responses with very helpful and thoughtful information offered to patient's questions  u'top doctor']
1090,[u'i like his thoughtful approach to answering questions']
1091,[u'i recommend dr beresh  he is an asset to healthtap and is well respected in the medical community'  u'i believe he is honest and sincere  his knowledge is excellent'  u'will follow you on health tap'  u'highly recommended-dave'  u'very knowledgeable']
1092,[u'dr sun is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr sun is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1093,[u'a concise answer  compassion and experience is what you will get when dr michalski answers one of your questions  such a great value to the healthtap community!'  u'i endorse dr michalski  he is a powerhouse of knowledge and provides an excellent service to the public via healthtap'  u'a kind and helpful expert who has helped so many\r\nhighly recommend'  u'great responses very accurate comes highly recommended'  u'very knowledgeable and an asset to the health tap system'  u'very timely and accurate responses']
1094,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
1095,[ui have enjoyed and learned from dr hoepfner's responses on this website  he demonstrates a wide ranging knowledge of medicine  yet is able to provide concise  relevant answers to patients' questions i recommend him  u'an excellent resource for patients and an asset to healthtap anybody who takes their personal time  to answer patient questions and does so without anything in return is fine by me'  u'i endorse this doctor  excellent information provided through avvocom as a public service very knowledgable with concise and helpful responses'  u'very knowledgable and quick responses  we need more doctors like dr hoepfner   excellent excellent!'  u'great  succinct answers to complex questions on healthtap  i recommend dr hoepfner'  u'a knowledgeable  caring  and dedicated physician']
1096,[udr schleimer  simply stated  amazes me with his vast knowledge  independent thinking  spot on answers  professionalism and articulate responses  i'm sure his patients are lucky to have him as their dentist and receiving the highest quality dentistry  u'dr schleimer  is very knowledgeable  his answers reflect  the  understanding  of  dental  health that comes with experience  and education we can all learn and  benefit from this doctor'  u'with all of the prefabricated mcbraces out there dr schleimer is one who focuses on what is best for the patient  not selling what people want when it is not sound'  u'thorough  precise & detailed very impressive'  u'accurate and timely opinions'  u'i recommend this physician!']
1097,[u'dr ruiz-healy provides thoughtful  helpful  and insightful answers that help all users of this site!'  uanswers patient's questions in a timely manner  very knowledgeable!  u'highly recommended and enthusiastic to helping his clients-dave'  u'great pediatrician great answers \r\nhighly recommend'  u'knowlegeable and caring answers'  u'excellent physician !']
1098,[u'dr  cox has a wonderful skill set and vast clinical experience  she has obviously helped many and facilitated health and peace of mind for lots of families  not only that--she speaks french!  tres bian!'  u'dr katharine s cox is an excellent physician very knowledgeable passionate and on the top of her field she is a great value to the peolpe of tn and to the family of health tap'  u'highly experienced and respected expert in pediatrics and pediatric emergency medicine great answers to questions highly recommend'  u'superb physician  simple and yet very informative answers to patient questions  answers tend to be calming and reassuring'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'dr cox offers succinct  actionable and compassionate advice']
1099,[u'dr ettinger is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr ettinger is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1100,[u'dr miller is consistently helpful to patients and colleagues he has an excellent fund of medical knowledge and his answers are alway clear  concise and helpful we are fortunate to have him as part of the health tap community'  u'i recommend dr miller  very dedicated and great doctor he provides very good care to his patients and offers useful and assertive answers to their questions caring and thoughtful'  u'i would like to welcome dr miller to healthtap  he is providing an excellent service to the public through the informative and spot on responses he gives i endorse dr miller'  u'dr miller cares deeply for his patients he is current in his knowledge and skills  and reads voraciously on new medical research i recommend his advice without reservation!'  u'dr philip miller is an excellent physician very knowledgeable passionate and on the top of his field he is a great value to the peolpe of  fl and to the family of health tap'  u'dr miller is well connected to the world of medicine  sharing his advice and expertise to benefit others in need i highly recommend him\r\n\r\ndr jeffrey bassman']
1101,[u'dr shaikh is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr shaikh is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1102,[u'dr duvivier is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr duvivier is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'i am grateful for this doctor this thanksgiving!']
1103,[u'dr dishakjian is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr dishakjian is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1104,[u'dr sung clearly has significant expertise in podiatry  he is providing a great service to the public on health tap i recommend dr sung'  u'dr sung is a great podiatrist and you can count on him for accurate diagnosis and treatment options for all foot and ankle problems!'  u'very thoughtful  intelligent  kind  respected expert\r\ni highly recommend him'  u'highly recommended excellent  concise  and timely answers!'  u'excellent posts and always educational'  u'great timely responses']
1105,[ui learn from and enjoy reading dr khanna's answers to challenging questions  a real asset to healthtap and the public!  u'i recommend dr khanna as a leading doctor in family medicine because of her knowledge and commitment to her calling --'  u'very informative answers   always quick to respond to patients   definitely a great doctor!'  uanswers patient's questions in a timely manner  very knowledgeable!  u'if you are in need of a dedicated doctor   look no further'  u'i highly recommend dr yash  khanna   great  biography']
1106,[ui enjoy and learn from dr gaya's many helpful answers on healthtap  his tone with patients is calm and reassuring too  thanks  dr gaya!  u'dr gaya is providing an excellent service to the public through healthtap  i recommend dr gaya'  u'dr gaya always has educational and informative posts and is a great asset to healthtap'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'excellent  caring neurologist']
1107,[u'dr greenleaf is very knowledgeable and thorough with her patients  and demonstrates the perfect balance between professionalism and altruism with them']
1108,[u'i endorse dr weiss he consistenly provides outstanding input about diabetes mellitus and other endocrinologic diseases as a service to the public on avvocom'  u'very thorough & precise!']
1109,[u'dr semel is a caring  and knowledgeable doctor  who gives outstanding recommendations  and advice her answers are  always timely  and pertinent she is a true asset to the healthtap medical team/ community'  u'dr semel is an excellent expert and quite knowledgeable- quite an asset to the healthtap prime panel i highly endorse her expertise'  u'dr semel gives consistently excellent advice to questions on healthtap excellent clinician'  u'knowledgeable specialist in pediatrics who gives many good  easy to understand answers'  u'very timely and accurate responses'  u'highly recommend']
1110,[u'dr lagas immediately answered my question put out for curbside consult with reassuring and informative advice  my hat is off to him for his willingness to share such a wealth of experience and knowledge'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'awesome responses and so much knowledge depth!'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
1111,[u'dr krick clearly has an outstanding knowledge of urology he provides concise  accurate  compassionate & understandable information to the public via healthtap i endorse dr krick !'  u'dr krick gives excellent and reliable answers regarding all aspects of urology am thus very pleased to recommend him'  u'excellent breadth of knowledge and practical applications for quality of life in the field of urology'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
1112,[uday after day  dr fowler answers scads of patient questions tirelessly while managing to handle each one with care and thoughtfulness she's earned the respect and admiration of many docs here as both a colleague and a leader - one who readily cheers us on and one who humanizes us all with the funny and folksy expressions that dot her answers (whoah nelly  indeed!)  hats off to dr fowler!  uwhen a physician has so many colleagues who admire her and her work  it should not be a surprise that she is an outstanding doctor but dr fowler has that something extra that almost seems magical she's a true humanitarian  and i consider it a blessing to have her be part of the healthtap community here's to you dr fowler  for all you are and do for patients and colleagues alike cheers!  ui've had the opportunity to interact with dr fowler for the last several months on the former avvo health website where she was the top doc bar none her answers to psychiatric questions are spot on and serve as an excellent source of information for non-psychiatrists this is complemented by her overall fund of general medical knowledge which she dispenses in a compassionate manner  uwow!  i decided to read the recommendations from other doctors before writing mine  five minutes later i still have not gotten to the bottom of the list  hard to add to all of this but i must say i love reading dr fowler's responses  concise  to the point and done with a sense of compassion and an endearing sense of humor  i highly recommend her and learn a lot from her  u'dr fowler is a conscientious contributor to the community  providing insightful opinions to people in need although many physicians are perhaps skeptical of the services this  and other medical information websites provide  there are a growing number of disenfranchised people out there who need some help  understanding  and kindness dr fowler helps provide all three'  ui only know dr fowler from interacting with her on avvocom  reading her answers  i can't help but sense the deep compassion this fine doctor possesses  she goes out of her way to answer people's questions  and will research topics that are not even in her area of expertise to provide assistance dr fowler comes across as a great doctor and a wonderful human being!]
1113,[u'i would recommend and endore dr davantizis without hesitation  dr davantzis does all he can to not only cut through the confusion that patients struggle with  but he does so with well-thought out and meaningful answers  he truly cares not only for his patients  but for the profession of dentistry'  u'i endorse this dentist  i have known dr davantzis professionally and personally for many years  his clinical and interpersonal skills are outstanding  he truly cares for his patients as if they were his own family  i would highly recommend him to anyone in need of dental care'  u'it is a pleasure to speak on behalf of a trusted and proficient colleague whom i have known for 30 years  ted is an intelligent  articulate  compassionate and highly capable clinician  his patients are quite fortunate to have him as their dentist'  u'dr davantzis demonstrates a clear commitment to the dental profession  and to the community his posts on avvo reflect his vast knowledge and expertise  i believe that he is an asset to his profession and to his patients!'  u'i endorse dr davantzis for his ongoing effort to help patients in need of dental advice  for his vast knowledge  and with whom i share his philosophies concerning dental treatment  he is a credit to our profession'  u'dr davantzis gives clear answers and explanantion in a very kind tone  i find myself in agreement with dr davantzis and i endorse this dentist  thank you dr davantzis for your professionalism\nzev kaufman  dds']
1114,[u'great answers very helpful!']
1115,[u'dr greuner has exceptional surgical skills which match his wonderful bedside manner i would recommend dr greuner with my highest enthusiasm']
1116,[uday after day  dr fowler answers scads of patient questions tirelessly while managing to handle each one with care and thoughtfulness she's earned the respect and admiration of many docs here as both a colleague and a leader - one who readily cheers us on and one who humanizes us all with the funny and folksy expressions that dot her answers (whoah nelly  indeed!)  hats off to dr fowler!  uwhen a physician has so many colleagues who admire her and her work  it should not be a surprise that she is an outstanding doctor but dr fowler has that something extra that almost seems magical she's a true humanitarian  and i consider it a blessing to have her be part of the healthtap community here's to you dr fowler  for all you are and do for patients and colleagues alike cheers!  ui've had the opportunity to interact with dr fowler for the last several months on the former avvo health website where she was the top doc bar none her answers to psychiatric questions are spot on and serve as an excellent source of information for non-psychiatrists this is complemented by her overall fund of general medical knowledge which she dispenses in a compassionate manner  uwow!  i decided to read the recommendations from other doctors before writing mine  five minutes later i still have not gotten to the bottom of the list  hard to add to all of this but i must say i love reading dr fowler's responses  concise  to the point and done with a sense of compassion and an endearing sense of humor  i highly recommend her and learn a lot from her  u'dr fowler is a conscientious contributor to the community  providing insightful opinions to people in need although many physicians are perhaps skeptical of the services this  and other medical information websites provide  there are a growing number of disenfranchised people out there who need some help  understanding  and kindness dr fowler helps provide all three'  ui only know dr fowler from interacting with her on avvocom  reading her answers  i can't help but sense the deep compassion this fine doctor possesses  she goes out of her way to answer people's questions  and will research topics that are not even in her area of expertise to provide assistance dr fowler comes across as a great doctor and a wonderful human being!]
1117,[u'dr estrup is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr estrup is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1118,[u'i do recommend dr anyanwu with no reservation  to anyone seeking for a caring  comprehensive care from his specialty because i have been impressed with his pointed answers to inquiry with knowledge  wit  and kindness\r\n\r\nso  see him whenever you may need his service\r\n\r\n(james) chin-ti lin\r\nwwwformefirstcom'  u'dr jovita anyanwu is an excellent diagnostician and a caring physician  this is evident in her clear  concise  and knowledgeable patient responses  her tip tap contributions are also very informative  i am pleased to serve with dr anyanwu as a colleague on healthtap'  u'dr anyanwu has been an excellent addition to the healthtap team her answers show experienced clinical judgment and are clear and to the point i recommend her without reservation d jacobson  md'  u'dr anyanwu has consistently shown thoughtful and useful advise to patients in his interactions he is an expert in his field \r\n\r\ni highly recommend him for your health care needs !'  u'i recommend dr anyanwu i look forward to reading the information she shares on healthtap she provides accurate  clear & compassionate responses i endorse dr anyanwu'  u'patient with all his answers despite questions that may seem trivial and unnecessary knowledgeable and kind in his replies to all questions thank you dr jovita']
1119,[u'dr knecht is always spot on with his endocrine expertise  he is a valuable asset to healthtap and his caring patient attitude to second to none  his patients are privileged to have his care'  u'great answers thank you!']
1120,[u'dr alfata is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr alfata is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1121,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
1122,[ui had not heard of dr poelstra until i was referred to him by my general practitioner  my case was much more complex than an average spinal injury  i had fractured my neck at c-7 as a result of the x-rays  ct scan  and mri  it was determined that cancer had consumed the inside of the vertebrae and the weakened vertebrae was compressed and on the verge of a catastophic failure which could result in paralisis  dr poelstra did not panic  he explained the seriousness of my condition but stated with confidence that everything would be alright and he could address the issue  he explained in detail his preferred course of action he then explained in detail other options that he felt would be less successful  after taking an enormous amount of time to answer all my questions  dr poelstra allowed me to choose  the corrective procedure  i followed dr poelstra's recommedned procedure the procedure was successful   the cancer has been removed  and i am recovering nicely  dr poelstra is a tremendously comp  ui traveled from illinois to destin  fl to see dr poelstra because he was so highly recommended and because he said he could help me  i had two previous back surgeries  and as a result i was very bent over  not only forward but also to the side  to walk or stand caused such excruciating pain i could hardly stand it  even though i was on very strong pain meds  dr  poelstra said he could help me  which was music to my ears  he had various testing done and explained what he would do the first time i saw him  he not only helped me  he (with god's help and guidance) worked miracles  he told me a progressive reconstruction of the spine was the only answer  he put a metal plate in my back and attached it to existing hardware  he then cemented the top of it to prevent my back from breaking in the future  i could try to write what his plan was  but unless a  person was in the medical field they wouldn't understand it  \n\ni can't thank him enough for all he did for me   i feel blessed to have met him   he is  u'dr poelstra performed the 7th surgery on my lower body and i would rank the experience and results as the best of all these  his exceptional skill as a surgeon is obvious -but-  he is heads and shoulder above his contemporaries because of his personal and dedicated relationship with the patient  a surgeon who will talk with you on a direct  detailed  personal basis and spend the time required to answer all your concerns and questions-----priceless!   the decision to procede with my surgery was quick and decisive  with progressive worsening symptoms of back pain  lower extremity weakness  tingling  and numbness----i had a quick turn around mri (closed tube for 30 minutes----tough if your claustrophobic to any degree!)--back to my original doctor in couple of days--and--- an immediate consult and handover to dr poelstra whom i then saw two days later as first patient of the day   almost his first words on thurs morning----emergency decompression/surgery crack of dawn monday morning!!   then a detailed exp'  ui have had several surgeries in my life  all of them have been successful for the most part none of them have been major until the one performed by dr poelstra on my neck i had been having serious neck and back pain for approx 15 years due to several injuries and the results of 20 some years working in maximum custody prisons i attempted to gain relief from many doctors and most of them treated me with drugs in desperation i left my area and found this wonderful and extremely talented and intelligent man doctor poelstra  from the first interview explained my condition in such detail and in terms that i could understand he is the most personable doctor i have ever come in contact with my recovery was a breeze and 100% of the pain i was having in my neck is gone 99% of the numbness in my hands and arms is gone doctor poelstra's pa john needler is another a # 1 excellent professional he also is extremely intelligent man who takes all the time to assure his patients understand everything and are comf  uwe visited dr poelstra's office in niceville  fl to determine the cause of my husband's neck  shoulder  arm and hand pain  dr poelstra's wonderful physician's assistant  john needler  met with us first  asked a myriad of questions  took his time and listened intently  a physical was performed and x-rays were done  an mri ordered and a determination of discs c3-c6 bulging into his spinal cord  this was a very concise and effective meeting with pa needler  after many questions and attempting the patience of pa needler  (he had all the answers) --we decided the best course was to proceed with surgery  when we met with dr poelstra  he took his time  answered all questions  was very professional  yet extrememy friendly and courteous  he is full of energy and spunk and even knew our names when we returned 2 weeks later for post operative checkup  on our first day home from hospital  we needed to call dr poelstra to determine if my husband's side effect was normal  dr poelstra immediately ordered a new m  u'how blessed we are to have dr poelstra in our area  he is an amazing physician  so talented in his field and so very caring  \ni was born with scoliosis and as i aged the spinal curves grew more and more evident  my body was twisted and i could not stand up without a good deal of pain  every doctor said surgery would not work because i was too old  then i met dr poelstra and he said i can help you  two years ago -  i was 74 years old - dr poelstra preformed the surgery that allowed me to be able to stand up straight and added nearly 2 inches to my height  it was a lengthy surgery but my family and i were so confident because everything had been explained to us and i was treated with such care and concern by dr poelstra and his staff and the staff at sacred heart hospital in destin  it is now two years since my surgery and i am still pain free and still standing tall\nwhat a blessing after years of being told there was no hope   i am so very grateful to this wonderful surgeon']
1123,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'highly recommend']
1124,[u'it is no wonder that dr placik has a 99 docscore & is ranked first nationally in so many areas of medicine on healthtap he provides concise & accurate  information to many people  he does a good job furthering  education about plastic surgery'  u'i endorse this doctor  he is skilled  ethical  intelligent and reliable  my personal knowledge of his skill and technique is in the area of female cosmetic/plastic genital (vulvar) surgery  at which he is the best in the midwest!'  udr placik is a wonderfully well-rounded physician  whose replies embrace the whole human rather than  on surgical procedures alone  he's a great asset to healthtap  and i'm sure to his patients  u'dr placik has a very wide knowledge which he share with his patients and colleagues  we as well as the online patients are fortunate to have a very valuable clinician like dr pacik'  u'excellent & well written responses from a physician and plastic surgeon who has shown dedication to help many patients with thoughtful answers to their questions on this site'  u'dr placik provides consistently thoughtful answers i especially appreciate that he is conservative and realistic in his answers about cosmetic surgery procedures']
1125,[u'dr smith is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr smith is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr smith is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1126,[u'very quick to help   very clear and helped me get the help i needed \n wish he was my gp'  u'dr yetimyan is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr yetimyan is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'thank you for giving me advice godbless you always'  u'update yourself with new hiv test methodology']
1127,[u'dr b ripa is very knowledgeable and caring  physician he provides sharp answers down to the point'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
1128,[u'dr kass has consistently shown thoughtful and useful advise to patients in his interactions he is an expert in his field i highly recommend him for your health care needs !'  u'i asked him a question as a colleague and he was prompt to reply with advise  it shows he is committed and really cares'  u'i recommend this doctor  very insightful and i learn something new from these answers'  u'excellent doctor with diagnosis  treatment  surgery with excellent bedside manor'  u'dr kass provides excellent information on podiatry to the public via healthtap'  u'intelligent  accurate  kind answers\r\nhighly recommend']
1129,[u'very accurate and timely answers']
1130,[ui commend dr thaler for his consistently informative  to the point and articulate answers  it's obvious that he practices quality dentistry and cares about the well being of his patients  u'dr thaler among the best prosthodontists i know  i wish he was closer to the area where i practice  i trust dr thaler to get optimum results even with difficult cases'  u'i endorse this dentist dr thaler was an instructor of mine at temple dental school that i often saught out for help and guidance'  u'i endorse this dentist   dr thaler is a very skilled and knowledgeable practicioner  dr john whytosek'  u'i endorse this dentist'  u'i endorse this dentist']
1131,[udr klauber's sharp eyes and mind as well as witty to-the-point writing has irresistibly moved my fingers to type my highest recommendation for his professional capacity for anyone seeking the high standard of care so  go to see him if in need for his care \r\n(james) chin-ti lin  md  u'excellent well thought out answers an excellent resource for patients and an asset to healthtap anybody who takes their personal time  to answer patient questions and does so without anything in return is fine by me'  u'i recommend dr klauber he clearly is very  very knowledgeable about pediatric urology and many other areas of medicine he is providing an excellent public service through health tap'  u'dr george t klauber is an excellent physician very knowledgeable passionate and on the top of his field he is a great value to the peolpe of ma and to the family of health tap'  u'drklauber gives very helpful and correct advice to virtual patients in both adult and pediatric urology and in other medical wpecialties yoo he is a real asset'  u'dr klauber provides very knowledgeable answers and a compassionate heart on healthtap  i appreciate his contributions  and recommend him']
1132,[u'i would like to recommend dr batlivala he is providing a valuable service to the public via healthtap dr batlivala is clearly a knowledgeable cardiologist and pediatrician who educates both his colleagues and others i endorse dr batlivala'  u'an outstanding & caring pediatric interventional cardiologist who brings expert advice & meaningful insights to the entire healthtap community'  u'a very knowledge expert \r\nwe are lucky to have him practicing in mississippi\r\nhighly recommend'  u'excellent doctor ---i enjoy learning from him']
1133,[u'i have been impressed with dr minich pointed answers with knowledge  depth  wit  and kindness so  i highly recommend her to anyone looking for care / service from her specialty without reservation \r\n\r\n(james) chin-ti lin  md'  u'dr minich is a dedicated doctor  who has been actively answering complex medical questions with compassion  and insight she provides practical and solutions  and recommendations for patients great healthteam expert'  u'i highly endorse dr diane mimich as an expert in her field and as an asset to the healthtap community of experts she is knowledgeable  insightful and empathetic i think that she is an asset  to our physician panel'  u'i have learned a great deal from dr minich here on healthtap and have learned a great deal from her thoughtful  expert  and helpful answers to her patients i look forward to learning more from her!'  u'i recommend dr minich she is providing a valuable service to the public via healthtap she provides sensible  accurate and respectful input i endorse dr minich'  u'dr minich is an extremely knowledgeable physician who obviously care greatly for her patients and their health she is a terrific asset to the healthtap community!']
1134,[u'answers question very thoroughly and demonstrates an extensive knowledge of his field  also is generous with health tips and demonstrates a genuine understanding of his patients issues'  u'dr   zahid niazi is an excellent physician  very knowledgeable passionate  and on the top of his field he is a great value to the people of ca   and to the family of health tap'  uthank you dr niazi i appreciate your caring informative answers they benefit more than just those who ask they help me learn things i didn't know a free education-thanks !  u'extremely knowledgeable  known for deft hands in plastic/reconstructive  surgery recommended for anyone who seeks his expertise'  u'he provides excellent and informative answers and is known for his excellent teaching abilities\r\nkeep it up behta!!'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
1135,[udr koch is a caring doctor who offers his patients his all he's knowledgeable and experienced but  most of all  his spirit of service lives through his work i have met him personally and would recommend him as a trusted colleague  u'knowledgeable and caring  family man and doctor i am comfortable sending patients that need a high caliber heart specialist'  ui appreciate dr koch's concise answers to complicated questions  he's a great doctor we're lucky to have on healthtap!  u'very knowledgeable and helpfel this answers!  a value to his patients and this organization !'  u'i recommend this doctor  very insightful and i learn something new from these answers'  u'dr koch is an outstanding cardiologist and very engaged in the healthtap community']
1136,[udr cheng's attentive thinking  keen analysis  broad encompassing knowledge  and openhearted passion have caught my busy mind to recognize and recommend him to anyone & family needing his to-the-point personal care and service go to him; he will and can help  u'great doc!!']
1137,[u'dr kanumury is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr kanumury is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1138,[udr peltan is outstanding both as an ophthalmologist  and as a caring physician willing to help others because it is what he values it is clear based on how highly regarded he is by patients and colleagues alike  that he is one of healthtap's greatest assets that is why i'm happy to recommend him as a leading physician in ophthalmology  and as a compassionate human being  ui like & admire dr peltan's stock of passion & compassion  wealth of specialty knowledge  and keen instinct to deduce useful solutions & meaningful insights beyond available facts so  i recommend him without reservation to anyone in need for his/her specialty care/service \r\n\r\n(james) chin-ti lin  md  u'the only doctor ophthalmologist you and your family need to know he is a doctor for doctors  knowledgeable and committed to serving his patients by providing them with useful information to help them make more informed decisions about the various treatments that are available today'  u'dr peltan is an outstanding leader  and doctor on health tap! besides being an ophthalmologist  he is also well versed  and knowledgeable in many areas of medicine he provides compassionate  and helpful answers to questions asked by patients i am glad to endorse him fully!'  udr harold peltan is knowledgeable  compassionate  and dedicated he is an excellent ophthalmologist additionally  dr peltan's responses showcase his superb diagnostic skills across the medical specialties i am delighted to have dr peltan as a colleague on healthtap  uit's a great pleasure to endorse dr peltan who is bright and dedicated doctor and a fabulous ophthalmologist i enjoy reading his precise answers and learn new things everyday which help me in my practice i highly recommend him to whoever seeks a new ophthalmologist]
1139,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'great doctor to follow extremely accurate answers very knowledgable'  u'very detail oriented excellent and thoughtful answers'  u'very knowledgeable with  excellent answers and advice']
1140,[udr haynes's public service is commendable  u'accurate and timely responses']
1141,[u'healthtap members will find dr lamorte\'s answers easy to sink their teeth into! deeply knowledgeable and well versed in state-of-the-art technologies and techniques  dr lamorte informs members of best practices and treatment options with ease'  u'a very knowledgeable and dedicated periodontist who devotes much of his time on this site with excellent answers and advice'  uexcellent doctor  knowledgeable and caring dr lamorte's contribution to healthtap is highly appreciated!  u'i endorse dr lamorte his contributions are very thoughtful and knowledgable lynann mastaj  dmd'  u'great doc!!']
1142,[u'dr rubenstein is a highly knowledgeable and compassionate doctor enjoy reading his answers recommended'  u'a very dedicated dentist with years of knowledge and experience'  u'great dentist']
1143,[u'i have had the opportunity of doing over a hundred cases with dr khorsandi  and he constantly impresses me with his level of professionalism  his attention to detail and overall ability  i strongly recommend him to anyone i meet who either needs hand or plastic surgery'  u'a professional surgeon who practices not only the science of medicine  but the art of surgery  highly recommend  from personal and professional interaction dr khorsandi has always had a great bedside manner and ability to work with all patients and people'  ui've had the pleasure to work with dr khorsandi for over three years doing both hand and plastic surgeries he is a consummate professional  has excellent bedside manner and surgical judgement  u'i personally dont know drkhorsandi  but my patients can\'t stop praising his work and just a down to earth great doc'  u'gives good medical advice and is caring']
1144,[u'dr ettinger is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr ettinger is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1145,[u'a concise answer  compassion and experience is what you will get when dr koos answers one of your questions  such a great value to the healthtap community!'  u'outstanding knowledge  dedication and concern for patients thorough  to the point answers and advice i highly recommend'  u'impressive and educational posts---i would highly recommend him  he is an asset to healthtap'  u'dr koos is a caring doctor he takes time to answer patient inquiry with compassion'  u'very timely and useful responses'  u'very talented physician']
1146,[u'dr hinson is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr hinson is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1147,[u'dr goren is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr goren is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1148,[u'i highly recommend dr maria palafox  her contributions on healthtap are outstanding']
1149,[u'dr clyde is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr clyde is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1150,[u'dr parvez is always ready to jump in & offer his considerable & broad medical expertise to healthtap patients i\'ve personally found him a warm & supportive colleague  as well as refreshingly open-minded it is my great pleasure to recommend him'  udr parvez provides reliable  intelligent  and helpful answers on healthtap  his knowledge is wide-ranging  and he's curious and open-minded too  these are excellent qualities in a physician who wants to help others  thank you  dr parvez!  u'dr mohammed parvez is very well trained and knowledgeable in internal medicine his answers are timely  empathic  and very helpful i learn from his answers as i am sure others do on this website as well'  u'i recommend dr mohammed parvez he clearly has an excellent knowledge base for internal medicine and medicine in general he is providing a valuable service to the public through healthtap'  u'dr parvez provides thoughtful and accurate advice to complex problems in a manner easily understood by most lay persons  and as such adds a valuable voice to the healthtap community'  u'i highly recommend and endorse  dr mohammed parvez as an expert physician with excellent insight and empathy for his patients he is an asset to healthtap']
1151,[u'being trained  licensed  & board certified both medically (both otolaryngology and facial plastic & reconstructive surgery) and dentally (oral & maxillofacial surgery) drgallia is in possession of an incredibly impressive breadth of training  knowledge  and experience in his field  his answers to questions are clear  precise  & very helpful &it is my pleasure to recommend him very highly indeed'  u'although i live far from dr lou  i have had the chance to see his recommendations  his accolades and his patient satisfaction i highly recommend dr lou for his experience  recognition nationally and his devotion to his community of patients'  u'great doctor he gets right to the point  addresses the issue in a straightforward manner and tells you who to follow up with what more could you want glad to have him here on healthtapcom impressed with his tmj expertise'  u'i have known dr gallia to be extremely knowledgable as an oral surgeon and have been very pleased with the way he has teated my patients  i have no hesitation in recommending him'  u'dr gallia is an expert in his field and i highly recommend searching him out for answers relating to ent  maxillofacial  tmj  and other related areas of interest!'  u'not your basic or all surgeon  best of the best! very experience oral surgeon many additional specialties definitely in good hands and highly recommended!']
1152,[u'i recommend you as a well know expert in your field\r\ndr jakavick would recommend this dr to all who seek their expertise'  u'professional  knowledgeable  served our veterans very well in his career'  u'dr wright ia an asset to health tap   a renowned   thoracic surgeon  '  u'experienced and knowledgeable  generously shares both on healthtap'  u'provides precise and comprehensive answers to difficult questions'  u'a truly  wonderful and compassionate doctor']
1153,[u'dr colina is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr colina is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'great  dr!']
1154,[u'dr rickertsen is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr rickertsen is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1155,[u'i recommend this doctor  very insightful and i learn something new from these answers'  u'a top doctor we are lucky to have dr eleczcko contribute to healthtap'  u'knowledgeable  caring  answers well founded in scientific fact'  u'excellent dentist  very informative and helpful answers'  u'a very knowledgeable  dedicated and caring dentist'  u'thanks for your valuable contributions']
1156,[u'dr wang is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr wang is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'i am grateful for this doctor this thanksgiving!']
1157,[u'dr belk is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr belk is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1158,[u'i endorse this doctor his responses on avvocom are comprehensive  accurate and compassionate it is clear that he gives each question thought people who write in with questions are luck to have his feedback'  uanswers patient's questions in a timely manner  very knowledgeable!  u'very impressive & thorough in answering queries'  u'intelligent  calm and a true gentleman'  u'good answers  provide helpful feedback'  u'caring  dedicated  knowledgeable']
1159,[u'dr diaz is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr diaz is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1160,[udr silver is one of the premier doctors in his field and has been recognized nationally by his peers as an expert in physical medicine (at this writing he is locally #1)  i highly recommend him if you're in his area  u'dr silver provides timely  practical  and informative answers to complex questions here on healthtap  his responses demonstrate deep knowledge and wide clinical experience i endorse dr silver'  u'dr silver has a special way in addressing challenging questions to make the answer logical and concrete  his wide range of knowledge is obvious in his answers  i recommend dr silver'  u'dr silver is providing an outstanding service to the public via his contributions on healthtap  he is responsive knowledgable and point on i endorse dr  silver'  u'inspirational innovative leader in the physical medicine community a true healer'  u'smart  kind  caring\r\nhighly recommend']
1161,[u'dr del valle is providing an excellent service to the public via healthtap he in clearly knowledge about anesthesiology & many other areas of medicine i endorse dr del valle'  u'excellent answers and is always very supportive to patients on healthtap'  u'great responses very accurate comes highly recommended'  u'very intelligent  caring answers\r\nhighly recommend'  u'very accurate and informative responses'  u'nice answers great job']
1162,[u'dr holmes is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr holmes is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1163,[u'i highly endorse dr darrin cunningham as an expert on the healthtap and healthtap prime networks his commentaries are astute and educational for both patients and physicians alike and he is an asset to our community'  u'excellent sound advice from this doctor and he is an asset to healthtap'  u'precise  informative answers thank you for caring to help!'  u'a very intelligent  caring physician'  u'very high quality responses']
1164,[u'dr michel is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr michel is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1165,[u'i highly endorse dr jeffrey bassman as an expert on health tap and healthtap prime his comments and insights are educational for both patients and physicians he is an asset to the healthtap community'  u'dr bassman is an extremely knowledgeable and dedicated dentist excellent answers and advice'  u'very knowledgable  fantastic answers with quick responses\nexcellent  excellent doctor!'  u'excellent responses to questions and very supportive of patients strongly recommended'  u'i highly recommend dr bassman and thank you for your contributions to healthtap'  u'a very knowledgable and compassionate doctor always gives very sound advice']
1166,[uimpressed by answers which convey an expanded perspective regarding complex clinical issues  providing doctor education  and patient understanding  these approaches reify the value of dr jaren's contributions to healthtap  udr jaren gives intelligent  thoughtful and easy to understand answers  he's a great resource  especially for neurologic questions  u'based upon the materials presented  dr jaren has reputable training and experience'  u'very knowledgeable physician with great resources  recommend without reservation!'  u'dr jaren is a great physician and educator thanks for all you do on healthtap'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
1167,[u'dr smith is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr smith is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr smith is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1168,[u'i endorse this dentist dr funari is one of the best qualified and skillful oral surgeons with whom i have worked i highly recommend him for all aspects of oral surgery'  ui endorse this dentist dr funari is a knowledgable guy  i've worked on an advisory board with him and know several patients who have had positive experiences with him  udr funari is an extremely dedicated and knowledgeable dentist with his patient's best interests at heart  i highly recommend and endorse dr funari  u'i endorse this dentist  dr funari practices to the highest standard  i send patients to him knowing that the care they get will be amazing'  u'i endorse this dentist  quality and honesty are what comes to mind when i think of dr funari  \nmichael i wollock  dmd  agd fellow'  u'i endorse this dentist we have worked on several cases together with excellent results']
1169,[u'being trained  licensed  & board certified both medically (both otolaryngology and facial plastic & reconstructive surgery) and dentally (oral & maxillofacial surgery) drgallia is in possession of an incredibly impressive breadth of training  knowledge  and experience in his field  his answers to questions are clear  precise  & very helpful &it is my pleasure to recommend him very highly indeed'  u'although i live far from dr lou  i have had the chance to see his recommendations  his accolades and his patient satisfaction i highly recommend dr lou for his experience  recognition nationally and his devotion to his community of patients'  u'great doctor he gets right to the point  addresses the issue in a straightforward manner and tells you who to follow up with what more could you want glad to have him here on healthtapcom impressed with his tmj expertise'  u'i have known dr gallia to be extremely knowledgable as an oral surgeon and have been very pleased with the way he has teated my patients  i have no hesitation in recommending him'  u'dr gallia is an expert in his field and i highly recommend searching him out for answers relating to ent  maxillofacial  tmj  and other related areas of interest!'  u'not your basic or all surgeon  best of the best! very experience oral surgeon many additional specialties definitely in good hands and highly recommended!']
1170,[udr loret de mola is a leader in the field of female infertility  his program's ivf success rate doubles the national average  at the same time  his program has the lowest single embryo transfer rate as well (this means that the chance of twins is kept very low)  dr loret de mola is honest  ethical and compassionate  i consider myself lucky and privileged to have him as a colleague and friend  u'i had the opportunity to meet dr loret de mola recently we were in a small group meeting assigned to write questions for a book commonly used by ob/gyn residents in training as well as physicians in practice he certainly impressed me by his fund of knowledge  staying up to date with the most recent literature  his sense of humor and personality i would highly recommend him'  udr loret de mola is an outstanding clinician  and also one of the world's authorities in reproductive medicine i've known him nearly 15 years and we worked closely together in practice some years back i can't recommend him highly enough  u'dr de mola is an excellent fertility specialist and healthtap is fortunate to accommodate his contributions i highly recommend him !'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
1171,[u'dr devane is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr devane is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1172,[u'dr hill is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr hill is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'i seen specialist and he wad right on!'  u'thanks for the thoughtful suggestions'  u'very thorough answer'  u'great advice']
1173,[u'dr nieves is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr nieves is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1174,[uday after day  dr fowler answers scads of patient questions tirelessly while managing to handle each one with care and thoughtfulness she's earned the respect and admiration of many docs here as both a colleague and a leader - one who readily cheers us on and one who humanizes us all with the funny and folksy expressions that dot her answers (whoah nelly  indeed!)  hats off to dr fowler!  uwhen a physician has so many colleagues who admire her and her work  it should not be a surprise that she is an outstanding doctor but dr fowler has that something extra that almost seems magical she's a true humanitarian  and i consider it a blessing to have her be part of the healthtap community here's to you dr fowler  for all you are and do for patients and colleagues alike cheers!  ui've had the opportunity to interact with dr fowler for the last several months on the former avvo health website where she was the top doc bar none her answers to psychiatric questions are spot on and serve as an excellent source of information for non-psychiatrists this is complemented by her overall fund of general medical knowledge which she dispenses in a compassionate manner  uwow!  i decided to read the recommendations from other doctors before writing mine  five minutes later i still have not gotten to the bottom of the list  hard to add to all of this but i must say i love reading dr fowler's responses  concise  to the point and done with a sense of compassion and an endearing sense of humor  i highly recommend her and learn a lot from her  u'dr fowler is a conscientious contributor to the community  providing insightful opinions to people in need although many physicians are perhaps skeptical of the services this  and other medical information websites provide  there are a growing number of disenfranchised people out there who need some help  understanding  and kindness dr fowler helps provide all three'  ui only know dr fowler from interacting with her on avvocom  reading her answers  i can't help but sense the deep compassion this fine doctor possesses  she goes out of her way to answer people's questions  and will research topics that are not even in her area of expertise to provide assistance dr fowler comes across as a great doctor and a wonderful human being!]
1175,[u'the words wildly talented clearly apply to dr rao i find him to be world class in his work and highly personable with great bedside manner i recommend him vigorously to both colleagues and patients alike on healthtap!'  udr rao has an incredible knowledge of general medicine in addition to his speciality of surgery  his thoughtful answers reveal a knowledgeable and caring physician i value dr rao's contributions on health tap  u'i fully recommend dr rao to anyone needing his help as he has provided wonderful answers and seems to care deeply about his field of medicine  great physician and colleague!'  u'dr rao provides an outstanding public service on healthtap dr rao is very knowledgable about general surgery and medicine in general i recommend dr rao'  u'i appreciate dr rao  caring knowledgeable help to both the patients and doctors alike on healthtap  thank you dr rao!'  u'recognized eminence  dr rao has helped tons of people get better through his thoughtful answers and wise advice']
1176,[u'dr kellogg is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr kellogg is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1177,[u'dr hearne is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr hearne is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1178,[u'well trained surgeon with compassion and excellent bedside manner i look forward to attending medical meetings where he is presenting'  u'excellent doctor that cares for his patients exceptionally']
1179,[u'dr raut is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr raut is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1180,[u'thank you for giving me the reason for the problem and a quick fix solution'  u'dr rohde is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr rohde is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1181,[u'dr kass has consistently shown thoughtful and useful advise to patients in his interactions he is an expert in his field i highly recommend him for your health care needs !'  u'i asked him a question as a colleague and he was prompt to reply with advise  it shows he is committed and really cares'  u'i recommend this doctor  very insightful and i learn something new from these answers'  u'excellent doctor with diagnosis  treatment  surgery with excellent bedside manor'  u'dr kass provides excellent information on podiatry to the public via healthtap'  u'intelligent  accurate  kind answers\r\nhighly recommend']
1182,[u'dr dhingra is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr dhingra is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1183,[u'dr chen provides an exceptional public service on healthtap he is clearly extremely knowledgable about neurosurgery i learn from reading the information he presents on health tap i recommend dr chen'  uhas always taken time for me when i've called to request help off him  has always treated me as a respected colleague and i'm grateful to know he's there for me should my patients' needs arisenn  u'dr chen provides articulate  helpful answers about complicated neurosurgical/neurological topics  he writes calmly and respectfully too  thank you  dr chen!'  u'thank you dr chen for sharing your expertise with all of us  i appreciate very much'  ui appreciate dr chen's cogent and accurate advice much to learn from him  u'clearly a very knowledgeable and caring physician  highly recommended']
1184,[udr malerman is an invaluable resource for his thorough  sound advice  he has mastered the art of dispensing a large amount of wisdom in 400 words  as he says medical docs don't know much about matters in front of the tonsils  and i learn so much from his posts!  he also is not shy about reinforcing the wisdom of his peers in both the medical and dental profession  u'dr malerman is not only an expert in his field but knows a lot about everything!  he is a welcomed asset to healthtap and a great patient advocate  highly recommended'  u'dr malerman has consistently shown thoughtful and useful advise to patients in his interactions  i highly recommend him for your orthodontic needs !'  udr malerman provides informative  to-the-point responses on healthtap  he's clearly a knowledgeable and caring orthodontist  u'dr  malerman has a vast fund of knowledge that allows for effectively contributing to this online community of health'  u'dr malerman answers truthfully  understandably and is a fountain of vast dental knowledge i doff my hat to him']
1185,[u'dr kattuah  has some wonderfully succinct and accurate answers  i highly recommend him  dr don e millner'  u'very knowledgeable with excellent  thorough  to the point  answers and advice'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
1186,[uexcellent answers and quick responses with very helpful and thoughtful information offered to patient's questions  u'top doctor']
1187,[u'great doc !']
1188,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'thanks for your contribution at health tap']
1189,[u'dr yaklic is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr yaklic is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1190,[u'dr wong is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr wong is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1191,[uenjoy reading dr elson's advice keep up the good work!  uexcellent doc  you'll appreciate her expertise!]
1192,[u'dr mumneh is providing an outstanding service to the public through healthtap she is clearly very knowledgeable about internal medicine  allergy  immunology & medicine in general i endorse dr mumneh'  u'dr nayla z mumneh is an excellent physician very knowledgeable passionate and on the top of his field he is a great value to the peolpe of nj and to the family of health tap'  u'is an expert in hereditary angioedema  allergic rhinitis  chronic sinusitis  runny nose  stuffed nose and has been a valuable asset on health tap to its members and community'  u'communicative and knowledgeable he would be an excellent source of care for any patient with allergies or problems with the immune system'  u'i highly endorse dr mumneh as an expert on the hhealthtap and healthtap prime networks his comment are both astute and educational'  u'nayla provides useful and practical content for a wide variety of questions']
1193,[u'excellent  comprehensive and thoughtful answers that show compassionate care'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'very knowledgable doctor   great answers and a great doctor to follow!']
1194,[u'great doctor! i trust his answers\r\nkind  caring  intelligent\r\nhighly recommend'  u'knowledgable  caring and helpful answers'  u'i recommend this physician'  u'very thorough and concise']
1195,nan
1196,[u'i think! he is a very good doctor an answer very clear on questiong on pations'  u'dr giroux is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr giroux is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'quick answerthank you so much!!']
1197,[udr daniel lebowitz is a gifted physician not only is he a board certified radiologist  which is a very competitive field  but he also has formal training and interest in the future of medicine  specifically anti-aging and wellness it's uncommon in my experience for a successful nonclinical doctor to also display clinical excellence he is genuine  caring  brilliant  and i highly recommend him  udr lebowitz is a very caring and passionate doctor who is board certified in radiology but he didn't stop there  to help his fellow human-being he has started a training in anti-aging medicine to help his patients live a longer and healthier life we all must take advantage of his expertise  u'dr lebowitz is a phenomenal asset to healthtap his recommendations are spot-on and his years of experience certainly shines through i look forward to working with him on healthtap and even in person  as he works in the pa area thanks for your contribution!'  u'dr lebowitz chooses to take care of us aging baby-boomers many of us chose  not to follow rules in the 60\'s & still don\'t in our 60\'s i\'m awaiting this brave  articulate man\'s guide to aging well as an alternative to hearing tlc ad nauseum'  u'i fully recommend dr lebowitz to anyone needing his help as he seems to care deeply about his field of anti-aging medicine great physician and colleague and asset to the community at healthtap!'  u'dr lebowitz continues to raise the bar for all physicians in practice and on healthtap  he not only has medical expertise but is a mastery in the art of patient care and satisfaction']
1198,[u'dr chen provides an exceptional public service on healthtap he is clearly extremely knowledgable about neurosurgery i learn from reading the information he presents on health tap i recommend dr chen'  uhas always taken time for me when i've called to request help off him  has always treated me as a respected colleague and i'm grateful to know he's there for me should my patients' needs arisenn  u'dr chen provides articulate  helpful answers about complicated neurosurgical/neurological topics  he writes calmly and respectfully too  thank you  dr chen!'  u'thank you dr chen for sharing your expertise with all of us  i appreciate very much'  ui appreciate dr chen's cogent and accurate advice much to learn from him  u'clearly a very knowledgeable and caring physician  highly recommended']
1199,[u'i highly endorse dr legha as an  expert on healthtap and healthtap prime his comments and insights provide valuable guidance and information'  u'your dedication and commitment to providing quality health consultation on healthtap is greatly admired and a true benefit to your patients'  u'i endorse dr legha dr legha clearly has a vast knowledge of medical oncology &  is willing to share it as a public service via healthtap'  udr legha's posts are always thought provoking  one can truly see the commitment and passion to medicine  keep the great answers coming  u'dr legha  provides many knowledgeable and helpful answers he is an asset to healthtap'  u'i highly recommend  dr lega  for his great biography   publications  &  awards']
1200,[ueven though it's not his expertise  he gave me his honest opinion on next steps thanks doc  u'dr lee is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr lee is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1201,[u'i highly endorse dr david lipkin as an expert consultant on both healthtap and healthtap prime his commentaries are insightful   astute and educational  for both patients and physicians alike he is an asset to the healthtap comminity'  u'dr lipkin provides patients with caring  accurate and thoughtful advice  highly recommend  one of the best physicians on healthtap'  u'dr lipkin  is caring  helpful and has a wealth of knowledge that he shares with patients and colleagues thank you!'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  udr lipkin's holistic approach definitely speaks wisdom  he cares  u'gives excellent caring advice']
1202,[u'dr moezi is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr moezi is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1203,[u'a very knowledgeable and dedicated doctor and highly appreciated for his contributions']
1204,[u'being trained  licensed  & board certified both medically (both otolaryngology and facial plastic & reconstructive surgery) and dentally (oral & maxillofacial surgery) drgallia is in possession of an incredibly impressive breadth of training  knowledge  and experience in his field  his answers to questions are clear  precise  & very helpful &it is my pleasure to recommend him very highly indeed'  u'although i live far from dr lou  i have had the chance to see his recommendations  his accolades and his patient satisfaction i highly recommend dr lou for his experience  recognition nationally and his devotion to his community of patients'  u'great doctor he gets right to the point  addresses the issue in a straightforward manner and tells you who to follow up with what more could you want glad to have him here on healthtapcom impressed with his tmj expertise'  u'i have known dr gallia to be extremely knowledgable as an oral surgeon and have been very pleased with the way he has teated my patients  i have no hesitation in recommending him'  u'dr gallia is an expert in his field and i highly recommend searching him out for answers relating to ent  maxillofacial  tmj  and other related areas of interest!'  u'not your basic or all surgeon  best of the best! very experience oral surgeon many additional specialties definitely in good hands and highly recommended!']
1205,[udr schleimer  simply stated  amazes me with his vast knowledge  independent thinking  spot on answers  professionalism and articulate responses  i'm sure his patients are lucky to have him as their dentist and receiving the highest quality dentistry  u'dr schleimer  is very knowledgeable  his answers reflect  the  understanding  of  dental  health that comes with experience  and education we can all learn and  benefit from this doctor'  u'with all of the prefabricated mcbraces out there dr schleimer is one who focuses on what is best for the patient  not selling what people want when it is not sound'  u'thorough  precise & detailed very impressive'  u'accurate and timely opinions'  u'i recommend this physician!']
1206,[u'very well informed   gives scientifically valid answers  recommend highly ']
1207,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
1208,[u'your answer was very helpful! thanks :)'  u'this made me feel good thanks!'  u'thank you very much for answering my question i appreciate it'  u'your answer was very helpful! thanks :)'  u'thank you  your answer was very helpful!'  u'your answer was very helpful! thanks :)']
1209,[u'dr tomasello is an extremely knowledgeable physician and an excellent orthopedist he is an asset to healthcare here in south florida and to the healthtap community!']
1210,[u'i have been following dr singh\'s answers for some time and am impressed in how easily his answers get right to the heart of the questions you might say that his answers all have a certain pop to them'  u'your dedication and commitment to providing quality health consultation on healthtap is greatly admired and a true benefit to your patients keep up the good work'  udr singh provides very informative answers that are right on track with the questions asked  he's a wonderful asset to the healthtap community!  u'dr singh  addresses patient questions in a concise  clear manner  with  links for additional information  excellent physician!'  u'prolific and insightful  dr singh is an important contributor valued by his patients and his physician colleagues'  u'i recommend this doctor  very insightful and i learn something new from these answers']
1211,[u'dr newman provides knowledgable and concise responses that are to the point  yet empathic i highly recommend him'  u'very thoughtful ob with a great approach to the person  not just the case'  u'nice answers  appears to be caring']
1212,[umost people spend more time shopping for a new car than they select a physician it's important to find a physician you trust and feel comfortable with drdr jeffrey j juchau  is the only one you and your family need to know he is a human being who cares about people i'm really learning a lot from him highly recommended  udr juchau is truly the kind of doc i would love to both work in a practice with and to have as my own physician he's really bright  well educated  dedicated  personable  genuine and caring we need more like dr juchau in this field!  u'helpful to patients with a comprehensive general knowledge need to patients where they are effectively and collaborates well with colleagues i recommend dr juchau to both patients and colleagues alike!'  udr juchau's responses are brief  to the point  always accurate and a pleasure to read recommend him highly any family would be privileged to have him as their doctor  u'i enjoy  and learn from reading information shared by dr juchau  he is providing an excellent service to the public via healthtap i recommend dr juchau'  u'dedicated  knowledgable and kind doctor highly recommended to whomever needs a new primary care doctor and also an honor to know him on healthtap']
1213,[u'off to a solid start on his medical career sensitive  caring with a great background of knowledge'  u'continuing to do a great job  keep it up!']
1214,[u'great doc!!']
1215,[u'dr sparacino provides an excellent service to the public via health tap he is knowledgable about many areas of medicine and his responses are clear and helpful i recommend dr sparacino'  u'dr sparacino helps everyone by sharing his wide experience in such a thoughtful  responsive manner   his patients in mn are lucky to have him in person!'  u'outstanding consultant on health tap congratulations on top doctor 2013 level 25 is a real achievement'  ui am grateful for dr sparacino's expertise  and kind and thoughtful presence on healthtap!  u'i recommend this doctor  very insightful and i learn something new from these answers'  u'fantastic answers with great expertise   a great doctor to follow on healthtap']
1216,[u'thank you for your help with both me and my mom you took the time and really listened which i appreciate'  u'dr wang is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr wang is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'i am grateful for this doctor this thanksgiving!'  u'i am grateful for this doctor this thanksgiving!'  u'great']
1217,[u'i really enjoy reading the information dr bonuel provides  he has a holistic approach and clearly is capable of thinking outside the box in a way that really benefits patients  he is providing an excellent service to the public via healthtap  i recommend dr bonuel'  u'dr bonuel provides concise answers  and links for patients to learn more about their issues  and is an excellent doctor appreciate him being part of the health tap team of outstanding doctors'  u'i fully recommend dr bonuel to anyone needing his help as he seems to care deeply about his field of internal medicine great physician and colleague and asset to the community at healthtap!'  u'dr bonuel is a caring  knowledgeable physician who shares his time on healthtap generously  he answers questions with the whole person in mind  i recommend dr bonuel'  udr bonuel's posts are always thought provoking  one can truly see the commitment and passion to medicine  keep the great answers coming  u'thank you for caring and helping the health tap community of patients and doctors!  keep up the great job!']
1218,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
1219,[ui am always impressed with dr selter's answers on health tap he is very knowledgeable  with thorough and concise answers!  u'dr selter is very knowledgeable and caring  i highly recommend him'  u'thanks for your valuable contributions']
1220,[u'i am grateful to drgrin for educating not only myself  but all of us here at healthtap about pain management  and  moreover  i am grateful to him for his openness to the effects of psychotherapy i have encountered many pain practitioners who devalue therapy as being unneeded  and that medication solves everything no so for dr grin  and i am relieved he is more forward thinking & collaborative!'  u'what a great guy  excellent physician  wonderful colleague and all around genius in the area of pain as well in a surprising range of other areas  i learn from him every day and have recommended that my own daughter read his information to help sort out her tmj  he does not hesitate to tackle any question and returns clear explanations of the most complex issues seasoned with true compassion'  u'dr grin is a wonderful colleague and physician he is knowledgeable in multiple areas not only in the scope of pain management his genuine compassion is evident not only in the way he cares for patients  but for the community of physicians here on healthtap as well we are all lucky to have him share his wisdom with us!'  u'i am endorsing dr grin he is providing an excellent service to the public on healthtap the medical information  dr grin provides is accurate & understandable dr grin is clearly very knowledgeable about pain management and medicine in general'  uhave been reading dr grin's responses and have been impressed with his lucid explanations of issues that are difficult to explain to non-medical personnel he is thorough  concise  and provides excellent advice  u'i highly endorse dr paul grin as a healthtap and healthtap prime as an expert his commentaries and clinical insights are astute and educational to both patients and physicians he is an asset to our community']
1221,[u'great answers very helpful thank you!']
1222,[u'doctor howard spector is a leader in his field  he is a progressive orthodontist practicing most current clinical techniques he has treated for decades children and adults  making the most complex cases seem simple he clearly understands orthodontic treatment can be individual or require to be a part of a team  especially with complex cases he is an excellent practitioner'  u'i endorse dr spector  he is a leading dentist in our area and very well established lynann mastaj  dmd']
1223,[u'i highly endorse dr jeffrey bassman as an expert on health tap and healthtap prime his comments and insights are educational for both patients and physicians he is an asset to the healthtap community'  u'dr bassman is an extremely knowledgeable and dedicated dentist excellent answers and advice'  u'very knowledgable  fantastic answers with quick responses\nexcellent  excellent doctor!'  u'excellent responses to questions and very supportive of patients strongly recommended'  u'i highly recommend dr bassman and thank you for your contributions to healthtap'  u'a very knowledgable and compassionate doctor always gives very sound advice']
1224,[u'dr cataldo clearly shows not only a wealth of knowledge  but dedication to his profession and the public  along with thorough  to the point and articulate answers'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
1225,[u'a concise answer  compassion and experience is what you will get when dr mills answers one of your questions  such a great value to the healthtap community!'  u'thanks for your contribution at health tap']
1226,[u'dr rocamboli has been a very active healthtap (ht) contributor  i enjoy his plain-sense answers and down-to-earth insights a real find on ht!'  udr rocamboli gives straightforward  helpful responses on a wide variety of topics  he's great to have on healthtap!  u'i recommend doctor rocamboli he iis a dedicated knowledgeable and caring professional'  uquick and concise answers that demonstrate dr rocamboli's depth of knowledge!  u'nice smart family doctor serving lancaster  california']
1227,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'highly recommend']
1228,[u'expert specialist in internal medicine highly recommend']
1229,[u'dr sparacino provides an excellent service to the public via health tap he is knowledgable about many areas of medicine and his responses are clear and helpful i recommend dr sparacino'  u'dr sparacino helps everyone by sharing his wide experience in such a thoughtful  responsive manner   his patients in mn are lucky to have him in person!'  u'outstanding consultant on health tap congratulations on top doctor 2013 level 25 is a real achievement'  ui am grateful for dr sparacino's expertise  and kind and thoughtful presence on healthtap!  u'i recommend this doctor  very insightful and i learn something new from these answers'  u'fantastic answers with great expertise   a great doctor to follow on healthtap']
1230,[u'dr aufseeser is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr aufseeser is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1231,[u'dr gabor  has an outstanding knowledge base of both diagnostic radiology and of medicine in general (across the board)  he is providing a valuable service to the public via healthtap i endorse dr gabor'  u'dr michael gabor is an excellent physician  very knowledgeable passionate  and on the top of his field he is a great value to the people of ny  and to the family of health tap'  u'dr gabor is a very knowledgeable and compassionate doctor always enjoy reading his insightful answers highly recommended'  u'understandable answers  educates us all both patients and doctors alike  generous and collaborative recommended to all!'  u'dr gabor has been an excellent consultant and is a great asset to thr healthtap prime physician community'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
1232,[u'dr john feola is a highly trained clinical expert in internal medicine he is a graduate of georgetown university school of medicine  and he runs a concierge medical practice in falls church  virginia where you can also see him in person i highly recommend dr feola to all patients  especially those in the virginia/washington dc/maryland area where you can follow up in person thank you'  u'i have learned  and continue to learn a great deal from dr feola highly expert in his field  and is very good at meeting patients comfortably where they are he collaborates well with colleagues! a great asset to healthtap!'  u'dr feola shows broad interest and expertise in being able to make helpful comment on a wide range of issues he is a very helpful and resourceful colleague to have in anyones networki am privileged to have him in mine'  u'i learn so much from dr feola\'s posts  he is so generous with his time and knowledge!  in addition  he is a boon companion to all his peers on healthtap  in the true spirit of chivalry of times past'  u'dr john feola is an excellent physician  very knowledgeable passionate  and on the top of his field he is a great value to the people of va  and to the family of health tap'  u'dr feola is very reliable physician who consistently gives accurate and reliable advice']
1233,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
1234,[u'knowledgeablen  helpful and clear responses  thank you for answering the immunization question that continues to surprisingly generate debate!'  ui enjoy and learn a great deal from dr singer's answers a real asset to healthtap!  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'experienced  very well trained and helpful pediatric neurologist'  u'thanks for your valuable contributions'  u'smart doctor\r\ni highly recommend']
1235,[u'i am grateful to drgrin for educating not only myself  but all of us here at healthtap about pain management  and  moreover  i am grateful to him for his openness to the effects of psychotherapy i have encountered many pain practitioners who devalue therapy as being unneeded  and that medication solves everything no so for dr grin  and i am relieved he is more forward thinking & collaborative!'  u'what a great guy  excellent physician  wonderful colleague and all around genius in the area of pain as well in a surprising range of other areas  i learn from him every day and have recommended that my own daughter read his information to help sort out her tmj  he does not hesitate to tackle any question and returns clear explanations of the most complex issues seasoned with true compassion'  u'dr grin is a wonderful colleague and physician he is knowledgeable in multiple areas not only in the scope of pain management his genuine compassion is evident not only in the way he cares for patients  but for the community of physicians here on healthtap as well we are all lucky to have him share his wisdom with us!'  u'i am endorsing dr grin he is providing an excellent service to the public on healthtap the medical information  dr grin provides is accurate & understandable dr grin is clearly very knowledgeable about pain management and medicine in general'  uhave been reading dr grin's responses and have been impressed with his lucid explanations of issues that are difficult to explain to non-medical personnel he is thorough  concise  and provides excellent advice  u'i highly endorse dr paul grin as a healthtap and healthtap prime as an expert his commentaries and clinical insights are astute and educational to both patients and physicians he is an asset to our community']
1236,[u'dr lewis  is a caring  knowledgeable and gifted neurosurgeon he is skilled and gentle in his approach with patients he provides easy to understand  concise answers to questions he has excellent bedside manner and collegiality!'  u'excellent well thought out answers an excellent resource for patients and an asset to healthtap anybody who takes their personal time  to answer patient questions and does so without anything in return is fine by me'  u'what a wonderful store of concise understandable information dr lewis also often provides clear suggestions and advice i hope he continues to be helpful in his answers and comments - i learn so much from him'  u'i fully recommend dr lewis to anyone needing his help as he seems to care deeply about his field of neurosurgery great physician and colleague and asset to the community at healthtap!'  u'i endorse dr lewis  he is providing an excellent service to the public through healthtap the responses he provides are accurate  understandable & informative i learn from him'  u'the most brilliant mind i ever had the pleasure to work with! he was sharper than the surgery attending a as a medical student at georgetown! the best of the best!']
1237,[u'dr grossman is a knowledgeable and dedicated dentist with well thought out and articulate answers'  u'excellent info']
1238,[u'dr wilkin is an excellent foot and ankle surgeon']
1239,[u'an excellent source of information'  u'i recommend this physician!']
1240,[u'respected specialist in family medicine highly recommend'  u'very timely and accurate responses']
1241,[uexcellent answers and quick responses with very helpful and thoughtful information offered to patient's questions  u'top doctor']
1242,[u'i recommend dr beresh  he is an asset to healthtap and is well respected in the medical community'  u'i believe he is honest and sincere  his knowledge is excellent'  u'will follow you on health tap'  u'highly recommended-dave'  u'very knowledgeable']
1243,[u'dr grossman is a knowledgeable and dedicated dentist with well thought out and articulate answers'  u'excellent info']
1244,[ui endorse dr chiu it's clear from his answers to challenging questions that he is indeed an expert in his field  he is a wonderful resource to healthtap and therefore to the public who needs sound medical answers  u'dr chiu is a very knowledgeable and compassionate doctor who gives practical and sensible advice i enjoy reading his answers highly recommended'  u'excellent fund of knowledge in his specialty thorough but to the point answers to questions'  u'good practical answers'  u'highly recommended-dave'  u'highly recommend']
1245,[udr cannon is a gifted and compassionate healer  and a great resource for expertise both here on healthtap and for her fortunate patients in altamont i would be happy to have her care for my family  and honestly  that's the highest compliment any physician could receive i highly recommend her!  u'i heartily recommend dr cannon she and i tend to work similar shifts on healthtap and i have the opportunity to review most of her answers and consultations he knowledge is broad and her comments are insightful i highly recommend dr cannon for r expertise'  u'dr cannon has a wealth of experience and an impressive range of knowledge  communicated to patients in a comprehensive and caring manner  i learn from her often i highly recommend dr cannon'  u'how lucky i am to have the opportunity to share webspace with dr cannon  generous  wise  and compassionate as she is  patients and colleagues who meet her are enlightened and uplifted'  u'highly respected by us all here on healthtap! gives great answers and in doing so  dr cannon teaches both colleagues and patients alike'  u'dr cannon has been an excellent consultant and asset to the healthtap community and her comments are always useful and constructive']
1246,[u'dr chmielewski has an excellent knowledge base that far exceeds the scope of radiology he is providing an excellent service to the public i endorse \r\ndr chmielewski'  u'outstanding knowledge!']
1247,[u'dr mckenna is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1248,[u'this was very helpful thanks!'  u'this was very helpful thanks!'  u'thank you  your answer was very helpful!'  u'thank you  your quick reply made me feel good!'  u'your answer was very helpful! thanks :)'  u'this was very helpful thanks!']
1249,[udr buechel is a caring  talented  and pioneering orthopedic surgeon he is well respected in the community both professionally and socially i couldn't give a higher recommendation to anyone needing a honest opinion or a any orthopedic procedure  u'dr buechel enjoys helping his patients and supporting other doctors on healthtap-dave'  u'great answer! very helpful!']
1250,[u'dr semel is a caring  and knowledgeable doctor  who gives outstanding recommendations  and advice her answers are  always timely  and pertinent she is a true asset to the healthtap medical team/ community'  u'dr semel is an excellent expert and quite knowledgeable- quite an asset to the healthtap prime panel i highly endorse her expertise'  u'dr semel gives consistently excellent advice to questions on healthtap excellent clinician'  u'knowledgeable specialist in pediatrics who gives many good  easy to understand answers'  u'very timely and accurate responses'  u'highly recommend']
1251,[u'i recommend dr weixel her input on healthtap is spot on  respectful  accurate & demonstrates a great deal of insight her responses take things deeper than  typical bread & butter answers & are thought provoking she is providing a valuable public service on healthtap  i endorse dr weixel'  usince making dr weixel's acquaintance on this network i have called upon her expertise a number of times she impresses me with her fund of knowledge  speed of response to referrals  and ability to educate  i highly recommend dr weixel to patients and colleagues  udr weixel's sound training and years of experience resound in all her answers  she is empathetic and supportive  as well as offering practical suggestions  in those many  areas were a pill alone is not enough  udr weixel's responses are clear  thoughtful  and often warmly humorous -- yet always respectful  her viewpoints add depth to discussions  she's a wonderful presence on healthtap  and i recommend her  udr weixel's answers are filled with good information  wisdom and compassion  i would definitely recommend that the reader pay attention to what she says  u'dr weixel has consistently shown thoughtful and useful advise to patients in her interactions she is an expert in her field i highly recommend her !']
1252,[u'dr diamond is a very knowledgeable pediatrician with many years of practical experience  which shows in his thoughtful and to-the-point responses'  u'intelligent  respected expert great answers\r\noutstanding contributions to health tap\r\nhighly recommend'  u'dr diamond provides thoughtful  helpful  and insightful answers that help all users of this site!'  u'great answers from an experienced  knowledgeable  pediatrician'  udr mark diamond's answers are clear and helpful for members  u'hi doc:\r\ngreat virtual practice!!\r\nlouis gallia md  dmd  facs']
1253,[u'dr joe woods is reliably well informed with superb knowledge base  and able to parse very complex situations into easy understandable directives highly recommended ! ed seegers md  facp'  u'strongly recommended great posts for patients and thorough  attentive answers to practitioners alike knowledgeable  attentive  enthusiastic!'  u'i highly recommend dr woods even other experts learn from his answers'  uanswers patient's questions in a timely manner  very knowledgeable!  u'excellent responses to questions and very supportive of patients'  u'excellent pathologist! great asset to healthtap!']
1254,[u'impressive']
1255,[u'caring  dedicated  knowledgeable']
1256,[u'dr canale is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr canale is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1257,[u'i highly endorse dr darrin cunningham as an expert on the healthtap and healthtap prime networks his commentaries are astute and educational for both patients and physicians alike and he is an asset to our community'  u'excellent sound advice from this doctor and he is an asset to healthtap'  u'precise  informative answers thank you for caring to help!'  u'a very intelligent  caring physician'  u'very high quality responses']
1258,[u'being trained  licensed  & board certified both medically (both otolaryngology and facial plastic & reconstructive surgery) and dentally (oral & maxillofacial surgery) drgallia is in possession of an incredibly impressive breadth of training  knowledge  and experience in his field  his answers to questions are clear  precise  & very helpful &it is my pleasure to recommend him very highly indeed'  u'although i live far from dr lou  i have had the chance to see his recommendations  his accolades and his patient satisfaction i highly recommend dr lou for his experience  recognition nationally and his devotion to his community of patients'  u'great doctor he gets right to the point  addresses the issue in a straightforward manner and tells you who to follow up with what more could you want glad to have him here on healthtapcom impressed with his tmj expertise'  u'i have known dr gallia to be extremely knowledgable as an oral surgeon and have been very pleased with the way he has teated my patients  i have no hesitation in recommending him'  u'dr gallia is an expert in his field and i highly recommend searching him out for answers relating to ent  maxillofacial  tmj  and other related areas of interest!'  u'not your basic or all surgeon  best of the best! very experience oral surgeon many additional specialties definitely in good hands and highly recommended!']
1259,[u'very thoughtful extremely knowledgeable a great doctor a great human being it is my pleasure to be able to write this recommendation'  u'dr rafat provides excellent information on podiatry to the public via healthtap'  u'dr raft enjoys his practice and wants to share his knowledge-dave'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
1260,[u'i fully recommend dr syed jaffery to anyone needing his help as he has provided wonderful answers and seems to care deeply about his field of medicine  great physician and colleague!']
1261,[udr ana adelstein's answers on healthtap demonstrate her vast knowledge  caring  sense of humor  and warmth  she's obviously a gifted therapist  and i highly recommend her she stands apart from the crowd and her contributions to the healthtap community are both useful and inspiring  u'she is an expert who is knowledgeable in g post-traumatic stress disorder  obsessive compulsive disorder  gender dysphoria  trichotillomania  social anxiety disorder we are fortunate to have her contributing to the health tap community'  u'i highly recommend dr adelstein who is very knowledgeable  helpful and compassionate i respect her expertise and consider her answers  comments and agreements as fantastic assets and resources to health tap thank you dr adelstein!'  u'i highly recommend dradelstein for her many years of devotion and dedication to the field of psychology her accolades are well deserved and healthtap is lucky to have her contributions made available to the public'  u'this bright and engaging clinical psychologist has much to offer her answers to questions are always well thought out  accurate and easy for the person asking to understand recommend her highly'  u'dr adelstein provides very helpful information to patients and her colleagues on healthtap her clinical experience and compassion are great contributions here  thank you  dr adelstein!']
1262,[u'dr gani is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr gani is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'i am grateful for this doctor this thanksgiving!'  u'i am grateful for this doctor this thanksgiving!'  u'i am grateful for this doctor this thanksgiving!'  u'i heart this doctor!']
1263,[u'dr ahmed is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr ahmed is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1264,[u'an excellent contributor to health tap thank you for your contributions'  u'very helpful answers  a caring physician thank you!'  u'a special doctor with a good heart'  u'great doc']
1265,[u'dr volicer is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr volicer is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1266,[u'intelligent  caring  respected expert\r\nhighly recommend'  u'knowledegeable and caring answers']
1267,[u'dr gani is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr gani is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'i am grateful for this doctor this thanksgiving!'  u'i am grateful for this doctor this thanksgiving!'  u'i am grateful for this doctor this thanksgiving!'  u'i heart this doctor!']
1268,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
1269,[u'a  highly skilled surgeon and compassionate and down to earth physician i highly recommend him']
1270,[u'dr guyton is an outstanding physician and surgeon']
1271,[u'dr loqman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr loqman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'she gave me excellent recommendations to bring to my doctor'  u'a lovely person'  u'thank you :)']
1272,[u'dr brouwer is a very knowledgeable internist he is providing an excellent public service via healthtap he is also a really nice person i endorse dr brouwer'  u'an industry though leader in concierge medicine an intelligent and highly expereinced physician highly recommend'  u'great responses very accurate comes highly recommended'  u'dr brouwer is knowledgeable  respectful and caring'  u'good knowledgeable answers and caring approach'  u'a super doctor!']
1273,[u'dr husar is an expert neurologist  who understands medicine  and  neurology and contributes insightful  pertinent answers to complex questions he is always providing clear  concise well-rounded information  and is a great healthtap physician'  u'dr husar has a vast array of medical knowledge - not just in neurology but across the board he is providing an outstanding service to the public via healthtap i endorse dr husar !'  u'i fully recommend dr husar to anyone needing his help as he seems to care deeply about his field of neurology great physician and colleague and asset to the community at healthtap!'  udr walter husar is both an expert neurologist and an professor of medicine  his answers are clear and concise  it's a pleasure to have him as an electronic colleague  u'dr husar is a very knowledgeable  and caring physician who gives clear  concise  and helpful answers he is a real asset to health tap!'  u'dr husar has a vast fund of knowledge that allows for effectively contributing to this online community of health']
1274,[u'i have been impressed with dr minich pointed answers with knowledge  depth  wit  and kindness so  i highly recommend her to anyone looking for care / service from her specialty without reservation \r\n\r\n(james) chin-ti lin  md'  u'dr minich is a dedicated doctor  who has been actively answering complex medical questions with compassion  and insight she provides practical and solutions  and recommendations for patients great healthteam expert'  u'i highly endorse dr diane mimich as an expert in her field and as an asset to the healthtap community of experts she is knowledgeable  insightful and empathetic i think that she is an asset  to our physician panel'  u'i have learned a great deal from dr minich here on healthtap and have learned a great deal from her thoughtful  expert  and helpful answers to her patients i look forward to learning more from her!'  u'i recommend dr minich she is providing a valuable service to the public via healthtap she provides sensible  accurate and respectful input i endorse dr minich'  u'dr minich is an extremely knowledgeable physician who obviously care greatly for her patients and their health she is a terrific asset to the healthtap community!']
1275,[u'dr sokol is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr sokol is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1276,[u'great pm&r doc!!!!']
1277,nan
1278,[u'dr parul krishnamurthy is an excellent physician  very knowledgeable passionate  and on the top of his field he is a great value to the people of pa  and to the family of health tap'  u'dr krishnamurthy is providing an outstanding service to the public via healthtap she is clearly very knowledeable'  u'excellent ob gyn']
1279,[uday after day  dr fowler answers scads of patient questions tirelessly while managing to handle each one with care and thoughtfulness she's earned the respect and admiration of many docs here as both a colleague and a leader - one who readily cheers us on and one who humanizes us all with the funny and folksy expressions that dot her answers (whoah nelly  indeed!)  hats off to dr fowler!  uwhen a physician has so many colleagues who admire her and her work  it should not be a surprise that she is an outstanding doctor but dr fowler has that something extra that almost seems magical she's a true humanitarian  and i consider it a blessing to have her be part of the healthtap community here's to you dr fowler  for all you are and do for patients and colleagues alike cheers!  ui've had the opportunity to interact with dr fowler for the last several months on the former avvo health website where she was the top doc bar none her answers to psychiatric questions are spot on and serve as an excellent source of information for non-psychiatrists this is complemented by her overall fund of general medical knowledge which she dispenses in a compassionate manner  uwow!  i decided to read the recommendations from other doctors before writing mine  five minutes later i still have not gotten to the bottom of the list  hard to add to all of this but i must say i love reading dr fowler's responses  concise  to the point and done with a sense of compassion and an endearing sense of humor  i highly recommend her and learn a lot from her  u'dr fowler is a conscientious contributor to the community  providing insightful opinions to people in need although many physicians are perhaps skeptical of the services this  and other medical information websites provide  there are a growing number of disenfranchised people out there who need some help  understanding  and kindness dr fowler helps provide all three'  ui only know dr fowler from interacting with her on avvocom  reading her answers  i can't help but sense the deep compassion this fine doctor possesses  she goes out of her way to answer people's questions  and will research topics that are not even in her area of expertise to provide assistance dr fowler comes across as a great doctor and a wonderful human being!]
1280,[u'dr gabor  has an outstanding knowledge base of both diagnostic radiology and of medicine in general (across the board)  he is providing a valuable service to the public via healthtap i endorse dr gabor'  u'dr michael gabor is an excellent physician  very knowledgeable passionate  and on the top of his field he is a great value to the people of ny  and to the family of health tap'  u'dr gabor is a very knowledgeable and compassionate doctor always enjoy reading his insightful answers highly recommended'  u'understandable answers  educates us all both patients and doctors alike  generous and collaborative recommended to all!'  u'dr gabor has been an excellent consultant and is a great asset to thr healthtap prime physician community'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
1281,[u'dr sung clearly has significant expertise in podiatry  he is providing a great service to the public on health tap i recommend dr sung'  u'dr sung is a great podiatrist and you can count on him for accurate diagnosis and treatment options for all foot and ankle problems!'  u'very thoughtful  intelligent  kind  respected expert\r\ni highly recommend him'  u'highly recommended excellent  concise  and timely answers!'  u'excellent posts and always educational'  u'great timely responses']
1282,[udr david possesses the qualities of both a cutting-edge physician and a compassionate human being with personal interests that invite professional and personal growth  ob gyn  plants  engineering  cooking  what's not to love?  u'i highly endorse dr mary s david as an expert on both healthtap and healthtap prime her comment are succinct  astute and valuable to patients and physicians alike she is an asset to the healthtap community'  u'well educated and well rounded with a boatload of expertise and a force to be reckoned with here on healthtap collaborates well with colleagues and approachable to all!'  u'dr david is a caring and thoughtful physician the answers she gives on healthtap are excellent and provide great patient education i recommend her highly'  u'dr david is thoughtful  caring and knowledgeable! she provides great value in her service'  u'knowledgeable specialist in ob / gyn gives helpful expert advice highly recommend']
1283,[u'dr henning provides an excellent service to the public via health tap he is knowledgable about anesethsiology  and a vast array of medical topics he provides helpful  clear  accurate information i recommend dr henning'  ui appreciate the insights dr henning shares on healthtap  very clear answers about all topics  including lifestyle and health maintenance  he's a great asset to healthtap  and i'm glad to recommend him  u'an amazing knowledgeable  dedicated and caring physician'  u'i recommend this physician!'  u'good knowledge']
1284,[u'being trained  licensed  & board certified both medically (both otolaryngology and facial plastic & reconstructive surgery) and dentally (oral & maxillofacial surgery) drgallia is in possession of an incredibly impressive breadth of training  knowledge  and experience in his field  his answers to questions are clear  precise  & very helpful &it is my pleasure to recommend him very highly indeed'  u'although i live far from dr lou  i have had the chance to see his recommendations  his accolades and his patient satisfaction i highly recommend dr lou for his experience  recognition nationally and his devotion to his community of patients'  u'great doctor he gets right to the point  addresses the issue in a straightforward manner and tells you who to follow up with what more could you want glad to have him here on healthtapcom impressed with his tmj expertise'  u'i have known dr gallia to be extremely knowledgable as an oral surgeon and have been very pleased with the way he has teated my patients  i have no hesitation in recommending him'  u'dr gallia is an expert in his field and i highly recommend searching him out for answers relating to ent  maxillofacial  tmj  and other related areas of interest!'  u'not your basic or all surgeon  best of the best! very experience oral surgeon many additional specialties definitely in good hands and highly recommended!']
1285,[u'dr john feola is a highly trained clinical expert in internal medicine he is a graduate of georgetown university school of medicine  and he runs a concierge medical practice in falls church  virginia where you can also see him in person i highly recommend dr feola to all patients  especially those in the virginia/washington dc/maryland area where you can follow up in person thank you'  u'i have learned  and continue to learn a great deal from dr feola highly expert in his field  and is very good at meeting patients comfortably where they are he collaborates well with colleagues! a great asset to healthtap!'  u'dr feola shows broad interest and expertise in being able to make helpful comment on a wide range of issues he is a very helpful and resourceful colleague to have in anyones networki am privileged to have him in mine'  u'i learn so much from dr feola\'s posts  he is so generous with his time and knowledge!  in addition  he is a boon companion to all his peers on healthtap  in the true spirit of chivalry of times past'  u'dr john feola is an excellent physician  very knowledgeable passionate  and on the top of his field he is a great value to the people of va  and to the family of health tap'  u'dr feola is very reliable physician who consistently gives accurate and reliable advice']
1286,[udr tamler is one of the absolute best doctors i've ever seen his compassion and care are second to  none  u'dr tamler is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr tamler is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1287,[u'dr smith is really knows his field and provides clear and caring answers a great and trustworthy resource!'  u'experienced  respected specialist in ent and head and neck surgery highly recommend'  u'very accurate and timely responses'  u'great doc!']
1288,[u'great to network with you! i just recommended you please consider returning the favor if you get a chance thanks! i am originally from the detroit area where do you live and practice?'  u'very well rounded  a multifaceted neurosurgical practice  and on the forefront of neurosurgical innovation'  u'he is the best reliable epilepsy surgeon in michigan']
1289,[u'dr roberto rodriquez provides an exceptional service to the public via health tap he is clearly very knowledgable i recommend dr rodriguez'  u'dr rodriguez provides thoughtful and excellent answers i have followed his answers and have certainly leaned from them as well'  u'i endorse this doctor dr rodriguez represents the finest of the new generation of cardiac surgeons'  u'highly respected cardiac surgeon i will not hesitate to ask him to take care of my family members'  u'i highly recommend dr rodriguez and thank you for your contributions to healthtap'  u'very educational and supportive answers to patients on healthtap']
1290,[u'dr mutnick is a great physician  very knowledgeable and compassionate what  a wonderful asset to the health tap community: i recommend dr mutnick without any hesitation!'  udr mutnick's knowledge and data base is impressive and his responses to questions clear  easily understood  and accurate would recommend him highly  u'dr mutnick is a highly regarded  recommended  and respected and allergy and immunology specialist'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'excellent advice on so many topics!\r\nhighly recommend'  u'excellent allergist and welcome addition to healthtap']
1291,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
1292,[u'a great ophthalmologist! very knowledgeable in eye surgery  eye medicine  and many other areas of medicine also gives excellent answers a great resource on health tap highly recommend'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'highly recommend']
1293,[u'i recommend you as a well know expert in your field\r\ndr jakavick would recommend this dr to all who seek their expertise'  u'truly a leader in the field of interventional radiology and an author of no nonsense  reliable ht opinions'  u'highly recommended and enthusiastic to helping his clients-dave'  u'highly recommend'  u'recommended']
1294,[u'expert advice for patients with medical comorbidities requiring periodontal procedures'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
1295,[u'dr kass has consistently shown thoughtful and useful advise to patients in his interactions he is an expert in his field i highly recommend him for your health care needs !'  u'i asked him a question as a colleague and he was prompt to reply with advise  it shows he is committed and really cares'  u'i recommend this doctor  very insightful and i learn something new from these answers'  u'excellent doctor with diagnosis  treatment  surgery with excellent bedside manor'  u'dr kass provides excellent information on podiatry to the public via healthtap'  u'intelligent  accurate  kind answers\r\nhighly recommend']
1296,[u'being trained  licensed  & board certified both medically (both otolaryngology and facial plastic & reconstructive surgery) and dentally (oral & maxillofacial surgery) drgallia is in possession of an incredibly impressive breadth of training  knowledge  and experience in his field  his answers to questions are clear  precise  & very helpful &it is my pleasure to recommend him very highly indeed'  u'although i live far from dr lou  i have had the chance to see his recommendations  his accolades and his patient satisfaction i highly recommend dr lou for his experience  recognition nationally and his devotion to his community of patients'  u'great doctor he gets right to the point  addresses the issue in a straightforward manner and tells you who to follow up with what more could you want glad to have him here on healthtapcom impressed with his tmj expertise'  u'i have known dr gallia to be extremely knowledgable as an oral surgeon and have been very pleased with the way he has teated my patients  i have no hesitation in recommending him'  u'dr gallia is an expert in his field and i highly recommend searching him out for answers relating to ent  maxillofacial  tmj  and other related areas of interest!'  u'not your basic or all surgeon  best of the best! very experience oral surgeon many additional specialties definitely in good hands and highly recommended!']
1297,[u'dr diamond is a very knowledgeable pediatrician with many years of practical experience  which shows in his thoughtful and to-the-point responses'  u'intelligent  respected expert great answers\r\noutstanding contributions to health tap\r\nhighly recommend'  u'dr diamond provides thoughtful  helpful  and insightful answers that help all users of this site!'  u'great answers from an experienced  knowledgeable  pediatrician'  udr mark diamond's answers are clear and helpful for members  u'hi doc:\r\ngreat virtual practice!!\r\nlouis gallia md  dmd  facs']
1298,[u'dr connor is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr connor is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1299,[u'i really enjoy reading the information dr bonuel provides  he has a holistic approach and clearly is capable of thinking outside the box in a way that really benefits patients  he is providing an excellent service to the public via healthtap  i recommend dr bonuel'  u'dr bonuel provides concise answers  and links for patients to learn more about their issues  and is an excellent doctor appreciate him being part of the health tap team of outstanding doctors'  u'i fully recommend dr bonuel to anyone needing his help as he seems to care deeply about his field of internal medicine great physician and colleague and asset to the community at healthtap!'  u'dr bonuel is a caring  knowledgeable physician who shares his time on healthtap generously  he answers questions with the whole person in mind  i recommend dr bonuel'  udr bonuel's posts are always thought provoking  one can truly see the commitment and passion to medicine  keep the great answers coming  u'thank you for caring and helping the health tap community of patients and doctors!  keep up the great job!']
1300,[u'dr mahajan is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr mahajan is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1301,[u'very accurate and timely answers']
1302,[u'dr frasie is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr frasie is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1303,[u'nice job with direct answers very helpful']
1304,[u'being trained  licensed  & board certified both medically (both otolaryngology and facial plastic & reconstructive surgery) and dentally (oral & maxillofacial surgery) drgallia is in possession of an incredibly impressive breadth of training  knowledge  and experience in his field  his answers to questions are clear  precise  & very helpful &it is my pleasure to recommend him very highly indeed'  u'although i live far from dr lou  i have had the chance to see his recommendations  his accolades and his patient satisfaction i highly recommend dr lou for his experience  recognition nationally and his devotion to his community of patients'  u'great doctor he gets right to the point  addresses the issue in a straightforward manner and tells you who to follow up with what more could you want glad to have him here on healthtapcom impressed with his tmj expertise'  u'i have known dr gallia to be extremely knowledgable as an oral surgeon and have been very pleased with the way he has teated my patients  i have no hesitation in recommending him'  u'dr gallia is an expert in his field and i highly recommend searching him out for answers relating to ent  maxillofacial  tmj  and other related areas of interest!'  u'not your basic or all surgeon  best of the best! very experience oral surgeon many additional specialties definitely in good hands and highly recommended!']
1305,[u'i truly appreciate the work you guys do! thank you for being part of this community!  keep up the good work!'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'very timely and accurate responses']
1306,[u'dr higby is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr higby is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1307,[u'dr amawi is providing an excellent service to the public on health tap he shares his vast knowledge of psychiatry in a way that is easy to understand  i r ecommend dr amawi'  u'dr bassam amawi is an excellent physician  very knowledgeable passionate  and on the top of his field he is a great value to the people of fl  and to the family of health tap'  u'dr amawi is a skilled  knowledgeable  and caring physician; he is accessible and generous with his expertise here on healthtap'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'competent  caring and experienced dr amawi is a great physician'  u'knowledgeable  caring answers  thank you']
1308,[u'dr motoki is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr motoki is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1309,[ui learn from and enjoy reading dr khanna's answers to challenging questions  a real asset to healthtap and the public!  u'i recommend dr khanna as a leading doctor in family medicine because of her knowledge and commitment to her calling --'  u'very informative answers   always quick to respond to patients   definitely a great doctor!'  uanswers patient's questions in a timely manner  very knowledgeable!  u'if you are in need of a dedicated doctor   look no further'  u'i highly recommend dr yash  khanna   great  biography']
1310,[u'excellent phyician']
1311,[u'dr boyd is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1312,[u'i have been impressed with dr minich pointed answers with knowledge  depth  wit  and kindness so  i highly recommend her to anyone looking for care / service from her specialty without reservation \r\n\r\n(james) chin-ti lin  md'  u'dr minich is a dedicated doctor  who has been actively answering complex medical questions with compassion  and insight she provides practical and solutions  and recommendations for patients great healthteam expert'  u'i highly endorse dr diane mimich as an expert in her field and as an asset to the healthtap community of experts she is knowledgeable  insightful and empathetic i think that she is an asset  to our physician panel'  u'i have learned a great deal from dr minich here on healthtap and have learned a great deal from her thoughtful  expert  and helpful answers to her patients i look forward to learning more from her!'  u'i recommend dr minich she is providing a valuable service to the public via healthtap she provides sensible  accurate and respectful input i endorse dr minich'  u'dr minich is an extremely knowledgeable physician who obviously care greatly for her patients and their health she is a terrific asset to the healthtap community!']
1313,[u'dr kass has consistently shown thoughtful and useful advise to patients in his interactions he is an expert in his field i highly recommend him for your health care needs !'  u'i asked him a question as a colleague and he was prompt to reply with advise  it shows he is committed and really cares'  u'i recommend this doctor  very insightful and i learn something new from these answers'  u'excellent doctor with diagnosis  treatment  surgery with excellent bedside manor'  u'dr kass provides excellent information on podiatry to the public via healthtap'  u'intelligent  accurate  kind answers\r\nhighly recommend']
1314,[u'very accurate and timely answers']
1315,[u'great answers! \r\nintelligent  respected expert\r\nhighly recommend']
1316,[u'very quick to help   very clear and helped me get the help i needed \n wish he was my gp'  u'dr yetimyan is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr yetimyan is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'thank you for giving me advice godbless you always'  u'update yourself with new hiv test methodology']
1317,[u'i truly appreciate the work you guys do! thank you for being part of this community!  keep up the good work!'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'very timely and accurate responses']
1318,[u'i have known dr milstone for many years we have several common patients  he is a brilliant compassionate doctor with the highest talent and integrity'  u'ery accurate & helpful impressive'  u'i recommend this physician']
1319,[u'dr brown is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr brown is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1320,[udr malerman is an invaluable resource for his thorough  sound advice  he has mastered the art of dispensing a large amount of wisdom in 400 words  as he says medical docs don't know much about matters in front of the tonsils  and i learn so much from his posts!  he also is not shy about reinforcing the wisdom of his peers in both the medical and dental profession  u'dr malerman is not only an expert in his field but knows a lot about everything!  he is a welcomed asset to healthtap and a great patient advocate  highly recommended'  u'dr malerman has consistently shown thoughtful and useful advise to patients in his interactions  i highly recommend him for your orthodontic needs !'  udr malerman provides informative  to-the-point responses on healthtap  he's clearly a knowledgeable and caring orthodontist  u'dr  malerman has a vast fund of knowledge that allows for effectively contributing to this online community of health'  u'dr malerman answers truthfully  understandably and is a fountain of vast dental knowledge i doff my hat to him']
1321,[u'dr botelho is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr botelho is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1322,[u'this guy is a smart  modern and excellent dentist anyone would benefit being under his care!'  u'i endorse this dentist'  u'great dentist!!!']
1323,[u'dr ramos is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr ramos is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1324,[ui highly recommend dr killian for his dedication and excellent and straightforward responses on healthtap he is clearly very knowledgeable in the area of human sexuality and sexually transmitted diseases as well as in men's health and excellent addition to the healthtap team  ui see dr k on line often giving expert and knowledgeable advice from a variety of topics including : human immunodeficiency virus  sexually transmitted infections  aids  gay  lesbian and transgender health  men's health he is a major contributer to the health tap community  udr killian has a vast amount of knowledge and a great ability to separate the wheat from the chaff in answering questions with clarity and wit i appreciate learning from him as much as i'm sure the readers do  too  u'dr killian is informative  clear  compassionate and interesting i look forward to seeing his replies and comments i always learn things that are helpful and often thought provoking a great resource!'  u'dr killian is very knowledgeable and his answers are a great resource to patients here on health tap  i find myself learning a lot from reading his entries'  u'outstanding and to the point answers and advice obviously a very knowledgeable  caring and dedicated doctor']
1325,[u'dr ettinger is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr ettinger is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1326,[u'a pleasure to get to know him! great answers']
1327,[u'excellent answers dr keith truly understands his field of expertise']
1328,[u'dr westreich is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr westreich is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1329,[u'i really enjoy reading the information dr bonuel provides  he has a holistic approach and clearly is capable of thinking outside the box in a way that really benefits patients  he is providing an excellent service to the public via healthtap  i recommend dr bonuel'  u'dr bonuel provides concise answers  and links for patients to learn more about their issues  and is an excellent doctor appreciate him being part of the health tap team of outstanding doctors'  u'i fully recommend dr bonuel to anyone needing his help as he seems to care deeply about his field of internal medicine great physician and colleague and asset to the community at healthtap!'  u'dr bonuel is a caring  knowledgeable physician who shares his time on healthtap generously  he answers questions with the whole person in mind  i recommend dr bonuel'  udr bonuel's posts are always thought provoking  one can truly see the commitment and passion to medicine  keep the great answers coming  u'thank you for caring and helping the health tap community of patients and doctors!  keep up the great job!']
1330,[u'dr chin-ti lin is a unique physician & individual his excellent & accurate answers are more than credit worthy because they help the individuals asking hem  help anyone else with similar queries & enhance both reliability & stature of healthtap more than that  dr lin is a philosopher urologist dedicated to making this world a better place check his website: wwwformefirstcom i salute him'  u'dr chin-ti lin is an excellent physician and urologist! he cares about the total person and emphasizes education and integrated  holistic treatments including adopting a healthy attitude and lifestyle changes prior to using more invasive techniques he provides answers in easy to understand language'  u'dr james lin appears to be highly intelligent  knowledgeable in his field  and has an excellent feel for patient concerns and comfort levels his advice is pragmatic  addresses the problems inquired about clearly and accurately and i would strongly recommend him'  u'dr chin-ti lin s a phenomenal asset to healthtap his recommendations are spot-on and his years of experience certainly shines through i even find myself learning from his knowledge in the field of urology thanks for your contribution!'  u'dr chin is wise  fun  and  so readable  he always brings smile to my face  with his sense of humor  he is the doctor that you and your family can trust because he is very knowledgable and compassionate i high recommend dr chin'  u'i endorse dr chin-ti lin he is clearly an exceptionally knowledgeable urologist he provides accurate  thorough  understandable and spot on medical education to the public it is great to work on the same team as him']
1331,[u'i recommend dr wright  although i know little about phlebology  i am learning a great deal from reading the information he provides it is clear that he is an expert in this field he is providing a valuable service to the public through healthtap i endorse dr wright'  ui am a colleague phlebologist (vein specialist)\r\ndr wright always out the patient's well being first  and is professional and extremely knowledgeable about vein conditions he has my highest endorsement!\r\nr mueller  md  facc  rvt  rpvi  u'upbeat  personable  and forward-thinking tips plus knowledgeable answers to questions on healthtap  dr wright is a great addition to this community  and i recommend him'  u'dr wright is a knowledgeable and thorough phlebologist  he takes excellent care of patients and is an asset to the field of vein disease treatment'  ui learn a great deal from dr wright's postings  and admire how he meets patients and colleagues where they are and with equal ease  u'thoughtful  clear  knowledgeable & helpful responses a great asset to patients and professionals  both']
1332,[u'dr inwood is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr inwood is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr inwood is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'tks for info  appreciate that you suggested more than one possibility'  u'i am grateful for this doctor this thanksgiving!']
1333,[u'dr hughes is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr hughes is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1334,[u'i would  like to welcome dr  bradley to avvocom he is providing a valuable public service through his insightful responses on avvocom'  u'dr bradley has provided insightful  compassionate and well thought out answers on avvo  he is a welcome addition to the avvo community'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'i enjoy your comments useful and practical']
1335,[u'great doc!!']
1336,[u'dr joe woods is reliably well informed with superb knowledge base  and able to parse very complex situations into easy understandable directives highly recommended ! ed seegers md  facp'  u'strongly recommended great posts for patients and thorough  attentive answers to practitioners alike knowledgeable  attentive  enthusiastic!'  u'i highly recommend dr woods even other experts learn from his answers'  uanswers patient's questions in a timely manner  very knowledgeable!  u'excellent responses to questions and very supportive of patients'  u'excellent pathologist! great asset to healthtap!']
1337,[u'the doctor you want to send your kid s for pediatrics care the best caring doc in  bellmore  ny'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
1338,[u'dr miller is consistently helpful to patients and colleagues he has an excellent fund of medical knowledge and his answers are alway clear  concise and helpful we are fortunate to have him as part of the health tap community'  u'i recommend dr miller  very dedicated and great doctor he provides very good care to his patients and offers useful and assertive answers to their questions caring and thoughtful'  u'i would like to welcome dr miller to healthtap  he is providing an excellent service to the public through the informative and spot on responses he gives i endorse dr miller'  u'dr miller cares deeply for his patients he is current in his knowledge and skills  and reads voraciously on new medical research i recommend his advice without reservation!'  u'dr philip miller is an excellent physician very knowledgeable passionate and on the top of his field he is a great value to the peolpe of  fl and to the family of health tap'  u'dr miller is well connected to the world of medicine  sharing his advice and expertise to benefit others in need i highly recommend him\r\n\r\ndr jeffrey bassman']
1339,[u'dr cohen is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr cohen is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1340,[u'very precise in responses  thorough  impressive']
1341,[u'dr hodge is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1342,[u'dr aboushaar is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr aboushaar is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1343,[u'dr edwards is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr edwards is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1344,[u'dr dang is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr dang is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1345,[u'this was very helpful thanks!']
1346,[u'dr lundin has helped many of my patients with neurosurgical and spine care  i trust his expert opinions and would not hesitate to send my mother to him if she needed neurosurgical attention  i fully endorse dr david lundin'  u'a fantastic physician thank you!']
1347,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
1348,[u'dr cress is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr cress is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'drclarene cress wonderful suggestion and also good knowledgeable'  u'really attentive and solved all my questions  very recommendable'  u'i am grateful for this doctor this thanksgiving!'  u'she is a big sweetheart']
1349,[u'i endorse dr harte communicates very well extensive knowledge of family practice & medicine in general accurate spot on is providing an excellent service to the public via healthtap'  u'dr harte has consistently shown thoughtful and useful advice to patients in her interactions she is an expert in her field i highly recommend her for your health care needs !'  u'dr lieas harte is a very thorough  intelligent  and caring physician  she is an asset to healthtap  and the the medical community  i highly recommend this brilliant doctor'  u'dr liesa harte has an excellent reputation to responding to questions and communicating with her fellow colleagues  high doc score that continues to rise'  u'dr liesa has great insight and passion for integrative and functional approaches to medical disorders!'  u'widely respected expert in many areas of medicine very responsive to patients highly recommend']
1350,[u'i find dr machanic to be a distinguished  caring  compassionate  and dedicated neurologist specializing in such difficult  complex cases i feel lucky to know him thru the healthtap network  as he has helped so many patients i am glad to meet him  and hope to continue our professional dialogue together  and learn from his vast knowledge base excellent advice given!'  u'dr machanic is a phenomenal asset to healthtap his recommendations are spot-on and his years of experience certainly shines through i even find myself learning from his knowledge in the field of neurology thanks for your contribution!'  u'dr machanic represents one of the most accomplished professionals in our network at healthtapcom his answers are extremely valuable for users and professionals equally  and his opinion is regarded with admiration to his excellence'  u'i have the pleasure of knowing dr machanic professionally and personally he is a caring physician  a wellspring of knowledge  and a funny guy! he provides valuable wisdom  information and perspective in the neurology community'  u'dr bennett machanic is a highly trained and expert neurologist who gives very good expert clinical opinions i highly recommend dr machanic to anyone who is seeking a consultation with a neurologist thank you dr machanic'  u'dr machanic provided a thoughtful response to a curbside consult on cidp  his willingness to help out with a clinical question is very much appreciated thank you  dr machanic!']
1351,[u'dr kanter is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr kanter is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1352,[u'dr bowman is a national recognized expert in foot and ankle surgery  he is well-known for being informative and having plans of meaningful action for patients  i highly endorse him without reservations'  u'dr bowman is a kind caring physician with advanced training in foot and ankle medicine and surgery  he has years of experience and a practice with an outstanding reputation'  u'knowledgeable doctor - if anyone is in houston  their feet would be in good hands with dr bowmanhighly recommended']
1353,[u'i highly endorse dr jeffrey bassman as an expert on health tap and healthtap prime his comments and insights are educational for both patients and physicians he is an asset to the healthtap community'  u'dr bassman is an extremely knowledgeable and dedicated dentist excellent answers and advice'  u'very knowledgable  fantastic answers with quick responses\nexcellent  excellent doctor!'  u'excellent responses to questions and very supportive of patients strongly recommended'  u'i highly recommend dr bassman and thank you for your contributions to healthtap'  u'a very knowledgable and compassionate doctor always gives very sound advice']
1354,[u'healthtap members will find dr lamorte\'s answers easy to sink their teeth into! deeply knowledgeable and well versed in state-of-the-art technologies and techniques  dr lamorte informs members of best practices and treatment options with ease'  u'a very knowledgeable and dedicated periodontist who devotes much of his time on this site with excellent answers and advice'  uexcellent doctor  knowledgeable and caring dr lamorte's contribution to healthtap is highly appreciated!  u'i endorse dr lamorte his contributions are very thoughtful and knowledgable lynann mastaj  dmd'  u'great doc!!']
1355,[ui highly recommend dr killian for his dedication and excellent and straightforward responses on healthtap he is clearly very knowledgeable in the area of human sexuality and sexually transmitted diseases as well as in men's health and excellent addition to the healthtap team  ui see dr k on line often giving expert and knowledgeable advice from a variety of topics including : human immunodeficiency virus  sexually transmitted infections  aids  gay  lesbian and transgender health  men's health he is a major contributer to the health tap community  udr killian has a vast amount of knowledge and a great ability to separate the wheat from the chaff in answering questions with clarity and wit i appreciate learning from him as much as i'm sure the readers do  too  u'dr killian is informative  clear  compassionate and interesting i look forward to seeing his replies and comments i always learn things that are helpful and often thought provoking a great resource!'  u'dr killian is very knowledgeable and his answers are a great resource to patients here on health tap  i find myself learning a lot from reading his entries'  u'outstanding and to the point answers and advice obviously a very knowledgeable  caring and dedicated doctor']
1356,[u'i have been impressed with dr minich pointed answers with knowledge  depth  wit  and kindness so  i highly recommend her to anyone looking for care / service from her specialty without reservation \r\n\r\n(james) chin-ti lin  md'  u'dr minich is a dedicated doctor  who has been actively answering complex medical questions with compassion  and insight she provides practical and solutions  and recommendations for patients great healthteam expert'  u'i highly endorse dr diane mimich as an expert in her field and as an asset to the healthtap community of experts she is knowledgeable  insightful and empathetic i think that she is an asset  to our physician panel'  u'i have learned a great deal from dr minich here on healthtap and have learned a great deal from her thoughtful  expert  and helpful answers to her patients i look forward to learning more from her!'  u'i recommend dr minich she is providing a valuable service to the public via healthtap she provides sensible  accurate and respectful input i endorse dr minich'  u'dr minich is an extremely knowledgeable physician who obviously care greatly for her patients and their health she is a terrific asset to the healthtap community!']
1357,[udr silver is one of the premier doctors in his field and has been recognized nationally by his peers as an expert in physical medicine (at this writing he is locally #1)  i highly recommend him if you're in his area  u'dr silver provides timely  practical  and informative answers to complex questions here on healthtap  his responses demonstrate deep knowledge and wide clinical experience i endorse dr silver'  u'dr silver has a special way in addressing challenging questions to make the answer logical and concrete  his wide range of knowledge is obvious in his answers  i recommend dr silver'  u'dr silver is providing an outstanding service to the public via his contributions on healthtap  he is responsive knowledgable and point on i endorse dr  silver'  u'inspirational innovative leader in the physical medicine community a true healer'  u'smart  kind  caring\r\nhighly recommend']
1358,[u'dr mayo is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr mayo is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1359,[u'outstanding physician with a great bedside manner\r\n'  u'wow  great answers very knowledgable']
1360,[u'he is a surgical expert who is knowledgeable in hepatitis  inflammatory bowel disease  diet  nutrition\r\nwe are fortunate to have him contributing to the health tap community'  u'dr heller is a significant asset to healthtap  i always enjoy and learn from his comprehensive and easy-to-understand answers well done!'  u'an excellent gastroenterologist who provides insightful and educational answers'  u'thanks for your contribution at health tap'  u'highly accurate and timely responses'  u'i recommend this physician !']
1361,[u'dr skinner is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr skinner is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1362,[u'dr malvehy is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr malvehy is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1363,[u'i really really thankful dr hashmat rajput for ur satisfied answerit is so helpful for me i was so confused thank u so much god bless u'  u'dr rajput is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr rajput is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'thank you dr rajput']
1364,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'great  compassionate doc!'  u'great responses']
1365,[u'great dentist!!!']
1366,[udr khan is full of practical  sensible advice which he is willing to share with all of us  he's supportive and kind as well  what's not to like?  u'thank you']
1367,[u'dr kennedy is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr kennedy is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1368,[u'very knowledgeable dentist with consistently thorough  to the point and articulate answers and advice!'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'excellent dentist highly recommend']
1369,[udr darius saghafi is caring  compassionate  and knowledgeable he is an excellent and experienced neurologist who demonstrates a clinical acumen that spans across medical specialties his answers are concise and intuitive dr saghafi's keen and charming sense of humor gives him a  wonderful bedside manner and his responses are a delight to read i am pleased to him as a colleague on healthtap  udr saghafi is a great physician and colleague! i learn a great deal from his answers and feedback  and what sets him apart is his ability to make complex concepts tangible to patients and to physicians without specialty training in neurology that's not easy to do what's more is he's got a tremendous sense of humor so he entertains while teaching dedicated and compassionate  he's got it all  u'doctor darish saghaf is dedicated to being available and answering questions of all types  not just neurology  he has a vast medical knowledge and it is my pleasure to be able to work with him on the healthtap platform as i also get the opportunity to learn from him while we treat or patients and answer questions  thank you  dr sanghaf'  udr saghafi is one of healthtap's stars  his compassion  knowledge  and ability to translate that knowledge to a level that makes it understandable  all make for an excellent clinician  add to that his sense of humor  and you have a highly recommended physician that i think we'd all like to meet in person!  u'dr saghafi takes the time and gives the thought that results in not only answers to difficult questions but education to providers asking for advice  his consults are thorough  analysis comprehensive and advice geared to the most effective approach  we are fortunate to have him as a consultant'  ui have reviewed many of dr saghafi's answers and consultations he has excellent clinical acumen and a kind and gracious manner his documentation is among the best i have reviewed i would certainly recommend him to any of my patients as an accomplished neurologist]
1370,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
1371,[u'dr gradin has performed thousands of eye surgeries in his career he is also dedicated to humanitarian service and spent several years living in kenya and providing surgical eye care to the local population as you would suspect  he is very kind and cares deeply about his patients']
1372,[u'impressive and educational answers to patients  dr winters is an asset to healthtap']
1373,[u'i am grateful to drgrin for educating not only myself  but all of us here at healthtap about pain management  and  moreover  i am grateful to him for his openness to the effects of psychotherapy i have encountered many pain practitioners who devalue therapy as being unneeded  and that medication solves everything no so for dr grin  and i am relieved he is more forward thinking & collaborative!'  u'what a great guy  excellent physician  wonderful colleague and all around genius in the area of pain as well in a surprising range of other areas  i learn from him every day and have recommended that my own daughter read his information to help sort out her tmj  he does not hesitate to tackle any question and returns clear explanations of the most complex issues seasoned with true compassion'  u'dr grin is a wonderful colleague and physician he is knowledgeable in multiple areas not only in the scope of pain management his genuine compassion is evident not only in the way he cares for patients  but for the community of physicians here on healthtap as well we are all lucky to have him share his wisdom with us!'  u'i am endorsing dr grin he is providing an excellent service to the public on healthtap the medical information  dr grin provides is accurate & understandable dr grin is clearly very knowledgeable about pain management and medicine in general'  uhave been reading dr grin's responses and have been impressed with his lucid explanations of issues that are difficult to explain to non-medical personnel he is thorough  concise  and provides excellent advice  u'i highly endorse dr paul grin as a healthtap and healthtap prime as an expert his commentaries and clinical insights are astute and educational to both patients and physicians he is an asset to our community']
1374,[u'great answers very helpful!']
1375,[u'dr husar is an expert neurologist  who understands medicine  and  neurology and contributes insightful  pertinent answers to complex questions he is always providing clear  concise well-rounded information  and is a great healthtap physician'  u'dr husar has a vast array of medical knowledge - not just in neurology but across the board he is providing an outstanding service to the public via healthtap i endorse dr husar !'  u'i fully recommend dr husar to anyone needing his help as he seems to care deeply about his field of neurology great physician and colleague and asset to the community at healthtap!'  udr walter husar is both an expert neurologist and an professor of medicine  his answers are clear and concise  it's a pleasure to have him as an electronic colleague  u'dr husar is a very knowledgeable  and caring physician who gives clear  concise  and helpful answers he is a real asset to health tap!'  u'dr husar has a vast fund of knowledge that allows for effectively contributing to this online community of health']
1376,[u'great orofacial pain doc!!']
1377,[u'dr oscar novick is an excellent pediatrician who demonstrates a wide-breadth of knowledge across medical specialties his responses are concise  practical  and insightful and i look forward to reading them additionally he is kind and caring as reflected in his answers i am happy to have dr novick as my colleague on healthtap!'  ui like & admire dr novick 's vastness of passion & compassion  wealth in his specialty knowledge  and keen instinct to conjecture useful solutions beyond available facts so  i recommend him without reservation to anyone in need for his specialty care and service \r\n\r\n(james) chin-ti lin  md  u'dr novick is clearly has an outstanding knowledge of pediatrics he is providing an excellent service to the public via healhtap the information he provides is understandable  accurate & compassionate i endorse dr novick'  u'excellent well thought out answers an excellent resource for patients and an asset to healthtap anybody who takes their personal time  to answer patient questions and does so without anything in return is fine by me'  u'i am always amazed at his breadth of knowledge in pediatrics- it is obvious from his answers and online presence  he is an expert in pediatrics and a value to the health tap community'  u'dr novick has my highest recommendation he is a well respected pediatrician in his community and it is great to see  expertise and insights shared on health tap']
1378,[u'dr kashlan is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr kashlan is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr kashlan is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr kashlan is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1379,[u'dr malinchak is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr malinchak is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1380,[u'would recommend him to my patients'  u'ent specialist']
1381,[udr robinson is a wonderful healer and colleague! she is an invaluable member of the medical community and healthtap team! i would love to have her as my doctor  and also for my children she's brilliant  but so are many others she has that intangible quality that i call charisma  personality  friendliness compassion and true joy are her greatest assets and what makes her stand out & outstanding  ui have had the pleasure of being able to learn from a number of questions that dr robinson has written for patients ranging over a variety of medical interests  i'm impressed with her fund of knowledge as well as her matter of fact style of conveying difficult principles to them  i recommend dr robinson as a strong asset to the healthtap community & look forward to her future contributions  u'dr robinson is a pearl beyond price!  a modern day wise woman  who embodies the true meaning of wisdom  which is knowledge combined with kindness and tolerance  and a willingness to not only share it but to provide support and empathy  kudos!'  u'dr robinson has common sense  understandable  and importantly  high quality answers i would have her as my doctor if  i lived in nc'  u'i endorse dr robison she is clearly caring and knowledge she is providing a value service to the public through healthtap'  u'funny  compassionate  caring  succinct  these are the qualities that i would recommend dr kathy robinson with']
1382,[u'dr ettinger is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr ettinger is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1383,[u'i recommend drjaskiel highly his advice and comments in the dentistry section have always come across as precise  concise and very useful i appreciate his commitment and dedication to health tap'  u'dr jaskiell is providing an outstanding service to the public through the education he provides on healthtap i recommend dr jaskiel'  udr jaskiel's informative  easily understandable healthtap answers are a wonderful public service  i highly recommend him  udr jaskiel's answers show his knowledge and art of practicing dentistry i highly recommend him  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'excellent dentist and a welcome addition to healthtap']
1384,[u'dr losonczy is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr losonczy is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1385,[u'dr holly maes is an excellent pediatrician and she has a wealth of experience which spans across specialties her answers are practical  concise  and intuitive she is also kind and caring as evidenced in her responses i am delighted to have dr maes as my colleague on healthtap!'  u'excellent well thought out answers an excellent resource for patients and an asset to healthtap anybody who takes their personal time  to answer patient questions and does so without anything in return is fine by me'  u'dr maes provides superb  detailed when necessary & accurate answers par excellance  to very wide range of both pediatric & adult questions i would thus like to endorse with the highest possible recommendation'  u'dr maes answers to difficult pediatric questions are educational for both patient and fellow physicians alikeshe is a wonderful asset to the healthtap community highly recommended!'  u'dr holly maes is accurate and succinct in her answers her background and experience clearly shines!  i highly recommend her!   dr don e millner magd ficoi'  u'i highly recommend dr maes  she provides thoughtful answers and is a wonderful resource for us on health tap i am thankful to be her colleague']
1386,[u'dr amawi is providing an excellent service to the public on health tap he shares his vast knowledge of psychiatry in a way that is easy to understand  i r ecommend dr amawi'  u'dr bassam amawi is an excellent physician  very knowledgeable passionate  and on the top of his field he is a great value to the people of fl  and to the family of health tap'  u'dr amawi is a skilled  knowledgeable  and caring physician; he is accessible and generous with his expertise here on healthtap'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'competent  caring and experienced dr amawi is a great physician'  u'knowledgeable  caring answers  thank you']
1387,[u'dr surfield is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr surfield is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1388,[u'dr sider is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr sider is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1389,[u'he has excellent knowledge  judgement  know-how  and healthtap answers! a terrific combination of practical wisdom and scholarly experience'  u'excellent cardiologist  his posts are always informative for patients'  u'very helpful answers!']
1390,[u'excellent consultant great informations/advices  in regard to breast cancer surgery and everything around it'  udr hampton's responses to questions are helpful to the patients as well as her colleagues  uanswers patient's questions in a timely manner  very knowledgeable!  u'knowledegeable and caring answers'  u'excellent physician!']
1391,[u'being trained  licensed  & board certified both medically (both otolaryngology and facial plastic & reconstructive surgery) and dentally (oral & maxillofacial surgery) drgallia is in possession of an incredibly impressive breadth of training  knowledge  and experience in his field  his answers to questions are clear  precise  & very helpful &it is my pleasure to recommend him very highly indeed'  u'although i live far from dr lou  i have had the chance to see his recommendations  his accolades and his patient satisfaction i highly recommend dr lou for his experience  recognition nationally and his devotion to his community of patients'  u'great doctor he gets right to the point  addresses the issue in a straightforward manner and tells you who to follow up with what more could you want glad to have him here on healthtapcom impressed with his tmj expertise'  u'i have known dr gallia to be extremely knowledgable as an oral surgeon and have been very pleased with the way he has teated my patients  i have no hesitation in recommending him'  u'dr gallia is an expert in his field and i highly recommend searching him out for answers relating to ent  maxillofacial  tmj  and other related areas of interest!'  u'not your basic or all surgeon  best of the best! very experience oral surgeon many additional specialties definitely in good hands and highly recommended!']
1392,[u'anything dr yoder comments on is always bang-on accurate articulate & wise  i\'m tempted to place her web-sites on my home page!  she makes me miss the outstanding professors i learned from in training thanks doc!'  u'thank you for getting me started with health tap - this is a great resouce i hope to use to enhance patient care  it is also a great resource for me  to refer to my growing network of specialists'  udr pam yoder's answers are both thoughtful and empathetic  giving members the information they are looking for  plus additional insights and ideas as added bonuses  u'dryoder is a fantastic  highly knowledgable and dedicated physician her impact here at health tap has been impressive to say the least i highly recommend dryoder'  u'she is knowledgeable on healthy living  fitness and exercise  sonogram we share an interest in healthy living  she is an asset on health tap'  ulove dr yoder's answers on healthtap  they are detailed and easy for patients to understand  nice work]
1393,[u'great dentist!!!']
1394,[u'i would recommend and endore dr davantizis without hesitation  dr davantzis does all he can to not only cut through the confusion that patients struggle with  but he does so with well-thought out and meaningful answers  he truly cares not only for his patients  but for the profession of dentistry'  u'i endorse this dentist  i have known dr davantzis professionally and personally for many years  his clinical and interpersonal skills are outstanding  he truly cares for his patients as if they were his own family  i would highly recommend him to anyone in need of dental care'  u'it is a pleasure to speak on behalf of a trusted and proficient colleague whom i have known for 30 years  ted is an intelligent  articulate  compassionate and highly capable clinician  his patients are quite fortunate to have him as their dentist'  u'dr davantzis demonstrates a clear commitment to the dental profession  and to the community his posts on avvo reflect his vast knowledge and expertise  i believe that he is an asset to his profession and to his patients!'  u'i endorse dr davantzis for his ongoing effort to help patients in need of dental advice  for his vast knowledge  and with whom i share his philosophies concerning dental treatment  he is a credit to our profession'  u'dr davantzis gives clear answers and explanantion in a very kind tone  i find myself in agreement with dr davantzis and i endorse this dentist  thank you dr davantzis for your professionalism\nzev kaufman  dds']
1395,[u'dr kokseng is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr kokseng is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1396,[u'love the way he brings humor in to this answers while still giving the patients good scientific reasoning'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
1397,[u'dr merino is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr merino is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1398,[udr nguyen is truly a patient-physician  it's very hard to show compassion in 400 characters but his emotion is easily visible in his answers  i would send my family members to him for medical care without hesitations  u'dr nguyen is the epitome of a good doctor  he is caring  listens well and has an outstanding bedside manner  he also has exceptional medical knowledge  what sets hip apart is his compassion and humanity'  u'dr nguyen is a knowledgeable  well-trained physician with exceptional communication skills i would not hesitate to refer to him patients i had seen who are moving to mullica hill or its environs'  u'dr nguyen has a great reputation and cv i have been reading his answers to the questions here on health tap and have been very impressed with the quality of his answers'  ui've followed dr nguyen since healthtap started - he's a founding member: a compassionate physician with excellent   practical and knowledgeable answers  u'dr nguyen provides accurate  careful  well thought out answers with empathy of compassion  he is the kind of physician i would want for my family']
1399,[u'dr turrisi is a world leader in the field of radiation oncology  and has invented the standard of care in the treatment of many disease  most famously small cell lung cancer one of my greatest professional regrets is that i failed to convince him to serve as chairman of our department'  u'a renaissance man and physician loquacious with content and humor and a scholar of lung cancer and medicine in general'  u'detroit is lucky to have such a good doc!'  u'an excellent physicain'  u'excellent physician!']
1400,[u'expert specialist in internal medicine highly recommend']
1401,[u'dr huynh is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr huynh is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1402,[u'i endorse this dentist i have had the privilege and pleasure of knowing dr sandler for close to 20 years my experiences of working with him have been always positive patient feedback is always exceptional and patients expectations have been met and exceeded he is a kind  caring and compassionate man who seeks perfection in his work dr sandler is constantly being educated with the newest knowledge and techniques in his field'  ui have followed dr sandler's comments to patients and practitioners alike for several months his answers to patients are caring  thorough  and obviously fully researched his advice to practioners is spot on--a trusted and erudite member of the dental community it is a privilege to include him in my network of health care providers and resources  u'dr sandler provides excellent advice to patients and peers his advice is consistent with a high standard of care his answers to questions on this site are well thought out and consistent with the kind of care i expect in a true dental professional it is my pleasure to endorse him'  u'dr sandler is that one of a kind of professional that unfortunately is sometimes hard to find  his expertise and professionalism is outstanding and seems to only follow his heart and compassion for patients  i am proud to have met dr sandler and i can not recommend him enough'  ui have been impressed by dr sandler's professionalism  he responds with care and passion and often goes beyond the call of duty in providing useful information in his answers  i consider his patients to be lucky to have him as their dentist i endorse him without reservations  ui know dr sandler from the avvo community and i have experienced his commitment to his patients and dentistry it's rare to find someone who makes an active effort to improve the field and it is from this that i am confident that dr sandler will not disappoint]
1403,[u'the words wildly talented clearly apply to dr rao i find him to be world class in his work and highly personable with great bedside manner i recommend him vigorously to both colleagues and patients alike on healthtap!'  udr rao has an incredible knowledge of general medicine in addition to his speciality of surgery  his thoughtful answers reveal a knowledgeable and caring physician i value dr rao's contributions on health tap  u'i fully recommend dr rao to anyone needing his help as he has provided wonderful answers and seems to care deeply about his field of medicine  great physician and colleague!'  u'dr rao provides an outstanding public service on healthtap dr rao is very knowledgable about general surgery and medicine in general i recommend dr rao'  u'i appreciate dr rao  caring knowledgeable help to both the patients and doctors alike on healthtap  thank you dr rao!'  u'recognized eminence  dr rao has helped tons of people get better through his thoughtful answers and wise advice']
1404,[u'dr valdez is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr valdez is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr valdez is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'quick answer and pretty much in line with my research!'  u'super fast response!  much appreciated!'  u'thanks  much']
1405,[u'excellent  very helpful and detailed response!']
1406,[u'dr mintz is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr mintz is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1407,[ui like & admire dr raff's stock of passion & compassion  wealth of specialty knowledge  and keen instinct to conjecture useful solutions beyond available facts so  i recommend her to anyone needing her specialty care/service without reservation \r\n\r\n(james) chin-ti lin  md  udr raff provides a tremendous service to patients with his expertise and caring manner he is certainly my go-to source when i need expert opinion  and i've learned a great deal from reading his answers outstanding!  u'excellent well thought out answers an excellent resource for patients and an asset to healthtap anybody who takes their personal time  to answer patient questions and does so without anything in return is fine by me'  u'dr raff has an outstanding breath of knowledge about infectious diseases and medicine in general he provides an exceptional public service through the education he provides via health tap i recommend dr raff'  udr raff gives sensible  direct answers to a wide range of questions  he teaches me a lot about infectious disease!  he's also a consistently positive presence on healthtap  and i recommend him highly  uyou can't get any better than dr raff  head of the id division when i was in med school and residency at u of louisville  he is extremely knowledgeable  but also a great teacher and a caring doctor]
1408,[u'quick tesonse direct  thorough answered question and answered not asked (but answers were valuable) very pleased'  u'dr nguyen is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr nguyen is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'very polite  and straight helpful answers']
1409,[u'very knowledgeable dentist with consistently thorough  to the point and articulate answers and advice!'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'excellent dentist highly recommend']
1410,[u'i endorse this dentist dr funari is one of the best qualified and skillful oral surgeons with whom i have worked i highly recommend him for all aspects of oral surgery'  ui endorse this dentist dr funari is a knowledgable guy  i've worked on an advisory board with him and know several patients who have had positive experiences with him  udr funari is an extremely dedicated and knowledgeable dentist with his patient's best interests at heart  i highly recommend and endorse dr funari  u'i endorse this dentist  dr funari practices to the highest standard  i send patients to him knowing that the care they get will be amazing'  u'i endorse this dentist  quality and honesty are what comes to mind when i think of dr funari  \nmichael i wollock  dmd  agd fellow'  u'i endorse this dentist we have worked on several cases together with excellent results']
1411,[u'dr simmons was responsive and proactive in planning out a course of action with my perennial chronic rhinitus'  u'dr simmons is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr simmons is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'thanks for meeting with me!'  u'great dr']
1412,[u'hello my name is jefferey kyle moore i have been looking for someone in my area who specializes in your field i cant not find  a doctor i have very bad aniexty bad panic attacks and insomnia im on meds by my family doctor but it seems he has no idea what im going threw every day with the panic disorder is there a way to contact you or get in touch for and appointment'  u'dr tapia is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr tapia is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1413,[ui like & admire dr raff's stock of passion & compassion  wealth of specialty knowledge  and keen instinct to conjecture useful solutions beyond available facts so  i recommend her to anyone needing her specialty care/service without reservation \r\n\r\n(james) chin-ti lin  md  udr raff provides a tremendous service to patients with his expertise and caring manner he is certainly my go-to source when i need expert opinion  and i've learned a great deal from reading his answers outstanding!  u'excellent well thought out answers an excellent resource for patients and an asset to healthtap anybody who takes their personal time  to answer patient questions and does so without anything in return is fine by me'  u'dr raff has an outstanding breath of knowledge about infectious diseases and medicine in general he provides an exceptional public service through the education he provides via health tap i recommend dr raff'  udr raff gives sensible  direct answers to a wide range of questions  he teaches me a lot about infectious disease!  he's also a consistently positive presence on healthtap  and i recommend him highly  uyou can't get any better than dr raff  head of the id division when i was in med school and residency at u of louisville  he is extremely knowledgeable  but also a great teacher and a caring doctor]
1414,[u'i recommend dr kunen his responses on health tap are compassionate  right on target and  understandable he is providing an excellent service to the public on health tap'  u'dr kunen replies to healthtap questions in wonderfully kind  insightful  and informative ways  i am happy to recommend him']
1415,[ui highly recommend dr killian for his dedication and excellent and straightforward responses on healthtap he is clearly very knowledgeable in the area of human sexuality and sexually transmitted diseases as well as in men's health and excellent addition to the healthtap team  ui see dr k on line often giving expert and knowledgeable advice from a variety of topics including : human immunodeficiency virus  sexually transmitted infections  aids  gay  lesbian and transgender health  men's health he is a major contributer to the health tap community  udr killian has a vast amount of knowledge and a great ability to separate the wheat from the chaff in answering questions with clarity and wit i appreciate learning from him as much as i'm sure the readers do  too  u'dr killian is informative  clear  compassionate and interesting i look forward to seeing his replies and comments i always learn things that are helpful and often thought provoking a great resource!'  u'dr killian is very knowledgeable and his answers are a great resource to patients here on health tap  i find myself learning a lot from reading his entries'  u'outstanding and to the point answers and advice obviously a very knowledgeable  caring and dedicated doctor']
1416,[u'dr badillo is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr badillo is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1417,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
1418,[u'great doc!!']
1419,[u'dr velez is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr velez is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1420,[u'well trained  experienced  empathetic psychiatrist\r\nresponses are well thought out and make common sense reflective of his basic medical training in france'  u'thank you for being a part of the health tap community for the benefit of doctors and patients alike!']
1421,[u'dr del valle is providing an excellent service to the public via healthtap he in clearly knowledge about anesthesiology & many other areas of medicine i endorse dr del valle'  u'excellent answers and is always very supportive to patients on healthtap'  u'great responses very accurate comes highly recommended'  u'very intelligent  caring answers\r\nhighly recommend'  u'very accurate and informative responses'  u'nice answers great job']
1422,[u'a vast breadth of knowledge a real empathetic sense of patient care very precise medical descriptions he helps me better understand things i already know!'  udr wright's chair-side etiquette and his treatment of every patient with respect  kindness and dignity  sets him apart he truly put a smile on your face  u'extremely knowledgeable and  informative  with consistently  spot on  to the point and  articulate answers'  u'very knowledgeable  looks at the whole patient\r\nvery informative  kind answers \r\nhighly recommend'  u'on target  thorough answers that teach me in areas beyond my expertise  thanks  dr wright!'  u'very knowledgable doctor   great answers and a great doctor to follow!']
1423,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
1424,[u'dr simpson is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr simpson is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr simpson is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1425,[ui endorse dr chiu it's clear from his answers to challenging questions that he is indeed an expert in his field  he is a wonderful resource to healthtap and therefore to the public who needs sound medical answers  u'dr chiu is a very knowledgeable and compassionate doctor who gives practical and sensible advice i enjoy reading his answers highly recommended'  u'excellent fund of knowledge in his specialty thorough but to the point answers to questions'  u'good practical answers'  u'highly recommended-dave'  u'highly recommend']
1426,[u'i find dr machanic to be a distinguished  caring  compassionate  and dedicated neurologist specializing in such difficult  complex cases i feel lucky to know him thru the healthtap network  as he has helped so many patients i am glad to meet him  and hope to continue our professional dialogue together  and learn from his vast knowledge base excellent advice given!'  u'dr machanic is a phenomenal asset to healthtap his recommendations are spot-on and his years of experience certainly shines through i even find myself learning from his knowledge in the field of neurology thanks for your contribution!'  u'dr machanic represents one of the most accomplished professionals in our network at healthtapcom his answers are extremely valuable for users and professionals equally  and his opinion is regarded with admiration to his excellence'  u'i have the pleasure of knowing dr machanic professionally and personally he is a caring physician  a wellspring of knowledge  and a funny guy! he provides valuable wisdom  information and perspective in the neurology community'  u'dr bennett machanic is a highly trained and expert neurologist who gives very good expert clinical opinions i highly recommend dr machanic to anyone who is seeking a consultation with a neurologist thank you dr machanic'  u'dr machanic provided a thoughtful response to a curbside consult on cidp  his willingness to help out with a clinical question is very much appreciated thank you  dr machanic!']
1427,[u'dr culviner is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr culviner is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'i love coach ed']
1428,[u'dr hernandez is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr hernandez is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1429,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
1430,[u'i broke my left elbow in a bicycling accident in may  i was referred to dr henley by the washington regional er staff  his staff got me in for an apt very quickly and i had surgery apx a week later  dr henley has a great bedside manner and makes sure you understand what the problem is and how he is going to fix it  i turn 40 this year and this is my 1st broken bone and being the active person i am thought this was going to be a breeze  i would waltz out of surgerydo a little therapyand all would be better  poor dr henleythe surgery went well but scar tissue aggressively  set up in my elbow and no matter how hard i worked in therapy and at home i could not get my elbow to bend  two things happened at that point that i feel really turned my whole situation arounddr henley recommended a manipulation procedure where you go to the outpatient center they put you to sleep and he bends your arm and breaks up the scar tissue  then my therapist cindy (wonderful person) recommended a static pro'  u'after an injury in october 2011  which resulted in tendonitis in my elbow  i experienced severe pain that limited my activities  my family enjoys many outdoor activities  and i have not been able to participate since this injury  my first treating physician had me do pt and a steroid injection  the steroid injection worked great for about a week  but the pain returned  he then referred me to dr henley for a prp (platelet rich plasma) injection  which was done on 6/11/12  if you are not familiar with this procedure  as i was not  and you have tendonitis  you should do some research  it is so simple  and there is little to no pain during the procedure  it is very sore for about 48 hours afterwards  compared to the pain i have been experiencing for months  it was nothing  so far i have been amazed at the results  my elbow is still slightly tender to the touch  and i do have to stretch it out in the morning after it has been immobile during the night  but it is so much better  i followed up with dr h'  ui was sent to dr henley by my family doctor for an infected cat bite not responding to antibiotics i was seen by dr henley promptly and he wasted no time in determining that my fingers condition was serious and needed immediate attention he explained what was going on and the possible outcomes he then sent me straight to the hospital saying he would meet me there the hospital staff were very friendly and professional and familiar with dr henley i was not kept waiting long for dr henley's arrival  dr henley was very cheerful when he arrived and checked in on me which made me feel good my son and daughter-in-law were very happy with how dr henley related how the surgery went  what he had done  how long i would be in recovery  and how long before i could go back to work he showed concern for me  which they were very pleased with he exhibited an excellent bedside manner when he saw me in the hospital and answered all my questions all my follow up visits went well with all my questions answered dr  udr henley took his time to explain to me what he had found he also informed me that it wasn't imperative that i immediately schedule surgery that made me feel very comfortable that he wasn't pushing me to have surgery i chose to go ahead and schedule the surgery just to get it out of the way  but didn't feel pushed to do so dr henley was also very punctual i appreciate that i was able to get in to see him pretty close to the time that i was scheduled too many times i have sat in a doctor's office waiting for hours after my originally scheduled appointment i appreciate the respect he had for my time although i know that there are instances when a doctor may be running behind due to unforeseen circumstances  it is really appreciated that this is the exception rather than the rule i highly recommend dr henley you will leave your appointment understanding exactly what your issue is  whether or not it is critical that surgery be scheduled immediately or if it can it wait  and having a great feeling tha  ui had suffered with both hands from athritis and bone spurs for the past 5 years and it got to be pain 24/7  i was at a  point where i could not enjoy crocheting or doing other thing i enjoyed i looked on the internet and read dr henley's profile and really liked what i read i set up to see him and after x-ray he new right off what the problem was  i  tried the cortisone shot  first thinking that would help than i had to wait for 6 weeks before he could do surgery wish i would have done surgery from the start i had my left hand done on sept 14  2011 everything went great wore cast for 2 weeks than went to brace for 6 weeks  i had my right one done on nov 23  2011  i went back to dr henley on jan 12  2012 and he took my last brace off  re x-rayed it everyting looked great so now i am free and 2 handed again what a blessing my hands no longer hurt  left one is great and right one getting stronger everyday still alittle tender but so much better  i can now crochet again i would highly recommend  u'after 7 years of pain  arthritis medicines and splinting  i told my primary care physician i had had enough  he referred me to dr henley  i visited him in early 2010 and he did some x-rays and testing and told me i had carpal tunnel in my right hand and both thumb joints had deteriorated from degenerative arthritis  he explained my options - one of which was a series of steroid injections  i tried that without success  finally in february 2010 i was ready for surgery  he did carpal tunnel repair and rebuilt my thumb joint on my right hand  i returned to him in september 2010 and he rebuilt my left thumb joint  before my surgeries  i was pretty much in constant pain - getting dressed was painful  opening a jar was out of the question  i spent several months in therapy (cindy is the best!) and am happy and pleased to say  i feel better than i have in years and find myself wondering why i waited so long  my hands are strong and just like new  i can work in my garden  do housework  and even lift weig']
1431,[u'dr jatoi is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr jatoi is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'my feet  legs and around my lips are swoolen']
1432,[u'dr oscar novick is an excellent pediatrician who demonstrates a wide-breadth of knowledge across medical specialties his responses are concise  practical  and insightful and i look forward to reading them additionally he is kind and caring as reflected in his answers i am happy to have dr novick as my colleague on healthtap!'  ui like & admire dr novick 's vastness of passion & compassion  wealth in his specialty knowledge  and keen instinct to conjecture useful solutions beyond available facts so  i recommend him without reservation to anyone in need for his specialty care and service \r\n\r\n(james) chin-ti lin  md  u'dr novick is clearly has an outstanding knowledge of pediatrics he is providing an excellent service to the public via healhtap the information he provides is understandable  accurate & compassionate i endorse dr novick'  u'excellent well thought out answers an excellent resource for patients and an asset to healthtap anybody who takes their personal time  to answer patient questions and does so without anything in return is fine by me'  u'i am always amazed at his breadth of knowledge in pediatrics- it is obvious from his answers and online presence  he is an expert in pediatrics and a value to the health tap community'  u'dr novick has my highest recommendation he is a well respected pediatrician in his community and it is great to see  expertise and insights shared on health tap']
1433,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'great answers    very experienced and knowledgeable   outstanding!']
1434,[uexcellent answers and quick responses with very helpful and thoughtful information offered to patient's questions  u'top doctor']
1435,[u'healthtap members will find dr lamorte\'s answers easy to sink their teeth into! deeply knowledgeable and well versed in state-of-the-art technologies and techniques  dr lamorte informs members of best practices and treatment options with ease'  u'a very knowledgeable and dedicated periodontist who devotes much of his time on this site with excellent answers and advice'  uexcellent doctor  knowledgeable and caring dr lamorte's contribution to healthtap is highly appreciated!  u'i endorse dr lamorte his contributions are very thoughtful and knowledgable lynann mastaj  dmd'  u'great doc!!']
1436,[u'dr tezza is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr tezza is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1437,[u'dr sharma is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr sharma is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1438,[u'i endorse this dentist he is very caring  does a ton of volunteer work  a great teacher and example for his peers and students'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
1439,[u'dr hocking is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr hocking is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1440,[u'dr kennicott is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr kennicott is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1441,[u'i have been following dr singh\'s answers for some time and am impressed in how easily his answers get right to the heart of the questions you might say that his answers all have a certain pop to them'  u'your dedication and commitment to providing quality health consultation on healthtap is greatly admired and a true benefit to your patients keep up the good work'  udr singh provides very informative answers that are right on track with the questions asked  he's a wonderful asset to the healthtap community!  u'dr singh  addresses patient questions in a concise  clear manner  with  links for additional information  excellent physician!'  u'prolific and insightful  dr singh is an important contributor valued by his patients and his physician colleagues'  u'i recommend this doctor  very insightful and i learn something new from these answers']
1442,[u'dr kramer is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr kramer is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr kramer is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1443,[u'dr fisher is compassionate and caring about physicians and patients  he is a prime example of what a healthtap physician is and should be'  u'dr fisher provides informative  accurate answers on healthtap -- and also has a warm sense of humor  i recommend him!'  u'wonderful answers concise  complete and easy to understand for experts and lay people alike'  udan is the smartest internist i know if there's a puzzle to solve  he's the guy you want  u'provides excellent answers that educate not only patients but physicians too'  u'we worked together in guantanamo bay cuba an excellent physician']
1444,[u'i have known dr para since he was a resident physician he is an outstanding physician  and would be a good addition to any health care team'  u'very high quality responses']
1445,[u'dr dang is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr dang is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1446,[u'outstanding surgeon and physician']
1447,[u'dr protzel is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr protzel is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1448,[u'dr hoover is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr hoover is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1449,[u'i really enjoy reading the information dr bonuel provides  he has a holistic approach and clearly is capable of thinking outside the box in a way that really benefits patients  he is providing an excellent service to the public via healthtap  i recommend dr bonuel'  u'dr bonuel provides concise answers  and links for patients to learn more about their issues  and is an excellent doctor appreciate him being part of the health tap team of outstanding doctors'  u'i fully recommend dr bonuel to anyone needing his help as he seems to care deeply about his field of internal medicine great physician and colleague and asset to the community at healthtap!'  u'dr bonuel is a caring  knowledgeable physician who shares his time on healthtap generously  he answers questions with the whole person in mind  i recommend dr bonuel'  udr bonuel's posts are always thought provoking  one can truly see the commitment and passion to medicine  keep the great answers coming  u'thank you for caring and helping the health tap community of patients and doctors!  keep up the great job!']
1450,[u'dr semel is a caring  and knowledgeable doctor  who gives outstanding recommendations  and advice her answers are  always timely  and pertinent she is a true asset to the healthtap medical team/ community'  u'dr semel is an excellent expert and quite knowledgeable- quite an asset to the healthtap prime panel i highly endorse her expertise'  u'dr semel gives consistently excellent advice to questions on healthtap excellent clinician'  u'knowledgeable specialist in pediatrics who gives many good  easy to understand answers'  u'very timely and accurate responses'  u'highly recommend']
1451,[udr lewis is the epitome of the knowledgeable  caring  collegial and skilled physician his answers are outstanding  they provide complete and respectful information to both patients and colleagues he's a tremendous asset to the community here on healthtap his written communication skills are truly excellent  and that is a great attribute not shared by many it is my honor to recommend him  uit is such a pleasure to have dr lewis' expertise and educational answers to questions  i compare it to having a mini fellowship in pm&r after reading his notes  clear compassion and respect for patients highly recommend!  i will be referring to him  u'dr moshe lewis is an excellent physician very knowledgeable passionate and on the top of his field he is a great value to the peolpe of  ca and to the family of health tap'  uis dr lewis our most prolific md in california ? quality consults  and a good clinical sense of what's benign and what is serious a pleasure to review !  u'dr lewis is a caring knowlegeable physician  he answers questions and consults in a caring manner  he is the type of doctor i would want to see'  u'i wholeheartedly recommend dr lewis to  any and all patients and docs  he knows his stuff  and is incredibly supportive and kind as well  perfect!']
1452,[u'i would like to welcome dr lawrenzi to healthtap he is already making great contributions to healthtap & is providing an excellent service to the public his responses are clear & informative i endorse dr lawrenzi'  u'very accurate and timely responses ']
1453,[u'dr nutter is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr nutter is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1454,[u'dr ruiz de castilla is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr ruiz de castilla is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1455,[u'i fully recommend dr chowdhury to anyone needing his help as he seems to care deeply about his field of pediatrics great physician and colleague and asset to the community at healthtap!'  u'thoughtful  direct answer that are helpful keep up the great job!'  u'great responses very accurate comes highly recommended'  u'thanks for your valuable contributions'  u'very thoughtful and precise answers'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
1456,[u'dr grossman is a knowledgeable and dedicated dentist with well thought out and articulate answers'  u'excellent info']
1457,[u'dr mcclain is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1458,[u'dr shapiro is a role model for us all!  smart  respectful  and supportive  cloning him would be a benefit to mankind!']
1459,[u'dr vasu brown has been an ardent supporter of  and active contributor to  healthtap as evidenced by her level 23 status (wow!)  i always enjoy her answers'  u'very dedicated healer  generous with her time and expertise  focused on helping people get well'  u'good answers  provide helpful feedback'  u'accurate  informative & precise!'  u'good conservative advice'  u'wow  bravo  excellent']
1460,[u'dr bhatti is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr bhatti is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1461,[uimpressed by answers which convey an expanded perspective regarding complex clinical issues  providing doctor education  and patient understanding  these approaches reify the value of dr jaren's contributions to healthtap  udr jaren gives intelligent  thoughtful and easy to understand answers  he's a great resource  especially for neurologic questions  u'based upon the materials presented  dr jaren has reputable training and experience'  u'very knowledgeable physician with great resources  recommend without reservation!'  u'dr jaren is a great physician and educator thanks for all you do on healthtap'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
1462,[u'dr fox is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr fox is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1463,[u'dr vasu brown has been an ardent supporter of  and active contributor to  healthtap as evidenced by her level 23 status (wow!)  i always enjoy her answers'  u'very dedicated healer  generous with her time and expertise  focused on helping people get well'  u'good answers  provide helpful feedback'  u'accurate  informative & precise!'  u'good conservative advice'  u'wow  bravo  excellent']
1464,[u'dr dansie is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr dansie is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr dansie is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1465,[u'an excellent source of information'  u'i recommend this physician!']
1466,[u'one of the most outstanding physician that can offer wide range of recommendation  suggestions that are thought provoking '  u'dr jay rosenfeld is a forward thinking physician and comprehensive rehabilitationist'  uanswers patient's questions in a timely manner  very knowledgeable!  u'very knowledgeable and caring answers'  u'nice answers  well thought out']
1467,[uhi  my name is jessica smith and i am 19 years old i am pregnant with my 1st child  i'm just now into my 6th month i have been seeing dro'neil for about 3 months now  and i am very pleased with his work  as well as his office located in irving  tx each visit has been done very quickly  almost no waiting it is always very clean and comfortable dr o'neil is very kind and takes his time to listen  i am glad i chose him to see me through this pregnancy i look foward to each monthly visit becuase i know it is going to be another good memory for me thanks dr o'neil and thank you everyone else at macarthur obgyn!! :)  uhe's a great doctor  he answers all of my questions when i had a procedure done to me he explain everything that was going to happen to me & what i would experience to the exact detail he listens to me & tells me what he suggest is best i couldn't ask for a better doctor than him!!!! great doctor & staff!!!!              sabrina barron  ui am expecting my 2nd child when i found out that i was pregnant again  i knew that i had to have dr o'neil take care of me and my baby this time as well awesome doctor! thank you alyssa polanco  udr o'neil is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1  udr o'neil is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1]
1468,[u'dr rupp is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr rupp is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1469,[u'excellent consultant great informations/advices  in regard to breast cancer surgery and everything around it'  udr hampton's responses to questions are helpful to the patients as well as her colleagues  uanswers patient's questions in a timely manner  very knowledgeable!  u'knowledegeable and caring answers'  u'excellent physician!']
1470,[u'dr fox has shown compassion and insight to all in her encounters  her knowledge and insight are keen  and her answers are on the money\r\n\r\ni highly recommend dr fox for her clinical and personal skills'  u'a concise answer  compassion and experience is what you will get when dr fox answers one of your questions  such a great value to the healthtap community!'  udr fox provides a wealth of informative  accurate  and compassionate answers to patients' questions on healthtap  she's a great asset to the site!  u'dr fox is an excellent and compassionate \r\npsychologist and always has best intention for his patient in mind '  u'dr fox provides excellent information about clinical psychology on healthtap i recommend dr fox'  u'great answers and comprehensive expertise for both patients and colleagues to learn from!']
1471,[u'dr cornell is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1472,nan
1473,[u'dr alvarez is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr alvarez is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1474,[u'sir i have pain in left side of body like left neck left shoulder lower bellyplease suggest what to doits been 5 years #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower4'  u'dr harvey is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr harvey is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1475,[u'i endorse this doctor  dr kim is a really great colleague and a superb surgeon  i recommend him highly as one of the best ophthalmologists in new york'  u'i endorse this doctor  because his answers on avvo reflect great judgement and knowledge in the area of ophthalmology'  u'dr kim is one of the best ophthalmologists  he is a talented physician and patients are lucky to be treated by him'  u'i endorse this doctor excellent answers provided on avvocom this doctor is clearly very knowledgable'  u'he is an excellent surgeon and a thoughtful clinician']
1476,[u'dr vidhun is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr vidhun is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1477,[u'i would recommend and endore dr davantizis without hesitation  dr davantzis does all he can to not only cut through the confusion that patients struggle with  but he does so with well-thought out and meaningful answers  he truly cares not only for his patients  but for the profession of dentistry'  u'i endorse this dentist  i have known dr davantzis professionally and personally for many years  his clinical and interpersonal skills are outstanding  he truly cares for his patients as if they were his own family  i would highly recommend him to anyone in need of dental care'  u'it is a pleasure to speak on behalf of a trusted and proficient colleague whom i have known for 30 years  ted is an intelligent  articulate  compassionate and highly capable clinician  his patients are quite fortunate to have him as their dentist'  u'dr davantzis demonstrates a clear commitment to the dental profession  and to the community his posts on avvo reflect his vast knowledge and expertise  i believe that he is an asset to his profession and to his patients!'  u'i endorse dr davantzis for his ongoing effort to help patients in need of dental advice  for his vast knowledge  and with whom i share his philosophies concerning dental treatment  he is a credit to our profession'  u'dr davantzis gives clear answers and explanantion in a very kind tone  i find myself in agreement with dr davantzis and i endorse this dentist  thank you dr davantzis for your professionalism\nzev kaufman  dds']
1478,[u'thanks to dr yousefpour for working in this much needed specialty area'  u'an excellent foot and ankle surgeon']
1479,[u'dr segal is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr segal is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1480,[u'dr guglani is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr guglani is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1481,[u'great doc!']
1482,[u'dr colgrove was very quick to respond to my request for assistance with a patient  his advice is very helpful  appreciated and demonstrates a high level of concern and involvement  i recommend him and will be seeking his advice in the future'  u'i recommend dr colegrove  he is knowledgeable and he provides excellent answers on healthtap'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
1483,[u'i consistently learn from the information that dr namey provides on health  tap he is clearly very knowledgable in rheumatology and medicine in general i think that he would be the doctor i would want to see if i developed rheumatologic problems i recommend dr namey'  u'a concise answer  compassion and experience is what you will get when dr namey answers one of your questions  such a great value to the healthtap community!'  u'dr namey provides thoughtful  on-target answers in an impressive array of areas  i always look forward to reading his responses!'  u'thoughtful and well phrased intelligent responses to complex issues makes dr namey a valuable resource'  u'i highly recommend doctor thomas namey for expertise in the field of rheumatology'  uanswers patient's questions in a timely manner  very knowledgeable!]
1484,[u'i highly endorse dr legha as an  expert on healthtap and healthtap prime his comments and insights provide valuable guidance and information'  u'your dedication and commitment to providing quality health consultation on healthtap is greatly admired and a true benefit to your patients'  u'i endorse dr legha dr legha clearly has a vast knowledge of medical oncology &  is willing to share it as a public service via healthtap'  udr legha's posts are always thought provoking  one can truly see the commitment and passion to medicine  keep the great answers coming  u'dr legha  provides many knowledgeable and helpful answers he is an asset to healthtap'  u'i highly recommend  dr lega  for his great biography   publications  &  awards']
1485,[u'dr uddin is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr uddin is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'thank you  dr uddin you are very kind']
1486,[u'dr wallen is a powerhouse of medical information she is very knowledgeable about pediatrics and medicine in general she is providing a valuable service to the public via healthtap i endorse dr wallen'  u'dr wallen is knowledgable  compassionate  and answers questions with kindness and courtesy   she is the kind of doctor i would take my kids to if i lived in the columbus area'  u'dr wallen is a kind and caring physician she gives excellent advice to our healthtap patients she is a great asset to our community'  u'dr wallen is very knowledgable her answers are humorous  accurate  and easy to understand i recommend her quite highly'  u'very accurate and timely responses ']
1487,[u'i recommend dr conovalciuc he provides really interesting (& spot on) responses on healthtap  his responses are often not run of the mill - which is why i enjoy reading & learning from them here is clearly very knowledgeable about medicine he is providing an excellent service to the public on healthtap i endorse dr conovalciuc'  u'dr conovalciuc is a fantastic family physician who not only cares for his patients in person but for those in this online community by giving clear & thoughtful answers on a regular basis in the process  he teaches the rest of us & reminds us of why we entered this profession in the first place thank you  dr c!'  udr conovalciuc's answers are clear  easy for patients to understand  and show his experience and tremendous breadth of knowledge he seems to be a very caring person and a great asset  to health tap  u'dr conovalciuc is the most versatile  knowledgeable  compassionate doctor  he goes out of his way to help millions of people by participating actively in this project'  u'dr conovalciuc consistently gives clear  helpful and compassionate answers to patients on healthtap i recommend him as a kind and knowledgeable physician'  u'dr conovalciuc it generous with his time to one and all  i am glad i got to know him on healthtap  and learn from him']
1488,[u'great answers! \r\nintelligent  respected expert\r\nhighly recommend']
1489,[u'i have been absolutely impressed with dr lin!  not only does he provide very accurate and well thought out answers in this forum  he does so with compassion  concern and sometimes humor to help his patients understand  this is a true rarity in any profession  something i consider a gift  i highly recommend and endorse dr alvin bay lin'  u'dr lin is a remarkable and welcomed addition to the avvo community his answers are not only succinct and accurate  but they show just how much he cares for his profession and his patients i am honored to work alongside him i endorse and highly recommend dr lin'  u'dr alvin is known throughout the healthtap community as concise  prompt and helpful with his answers  i learn often from reading his posts  a true gem to this online community'  udr lin's insightful answers is a wealth of knowledge not just for patients but for fellow physicians as well \r\ni highly recommend him to everyone!  u'i endorse this doctor dr lin provides an exceptional service to the public through the education and guidance he provides on avvocom'  udr lin's answers are thorough  clear and often with reference links for more patient access to information]
1490,[uif you are looking for the right dentist for a special needs child or adult  look no further  dr lee has years of experience in treating this population and does so with great clinical skills and true compassion  parents always convey their sense of relief that someone of dr lee's caliber and training is accessible and available for their loved one  additionally  dr lee is the go to dentist for any sports related custom-fitted mouth guards  he is the only provider in this area for under armour mouth guards  other custom-fitted designs are available for different sports and needs  ui endorse this dentist although i am a physician  i have consistently learned more about dentistry by reading dr patalowski's avvocom answers  his responses are readily understandable and very helpful  u'i endorse dr patalowski his answers and contributions to avvo are thoughtful and excellent dr lynann mastaj'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'i endorse this dentist'  u'i endorse this dentist']
1491,[u'great answers! understandable  and meets patients where they are with warmth and expertise i look forward to learning more from dr bates!']
1492,[u'dr phasouk is a knowledgeable family physician with an excellent sense of humor and realistic attitude towards daily living he seems to related well to patients and his answers to questions are correct and straightforward recommend him highly'  u'dr ryan phasouk practices family medicine  a specialty in which one needs to have both broad and deep knowledge in many areas  he takes on healthtap questions that hare difficult and answers them with clarity and kindness'  u'an outstanding physician with excellent responses to questions very informative refreshing in this age of new medicine to find someone as well rounded in all areas of medicine !'  u'dr phasouk is a real asset to healthtap he has a well rounded knowledge of medicine and provides understandable and accurate answers to question i endorse dr phasouk'  u'dr phasouk actively contributes his knowledge and expertise to give accurate  and meaningful advice on a timely manner he is an asset to the health tap team'  u'dr phasouk is clearly a very knowledgeable physician who gets straight to the point with his very informative answers an asset to health tap!']
1493,[u'dr southard answers questions in a very succinct and thoughtful manner he has an obvious depth of knowledge that would benefit any patient'  u'patient  compassionate  encouraging  and obviously enjoys teaching medicine with clear explanations very highly recommend this physician'  u'highly recommend']
1494,[udr cho's passion/compassion in caring  knowledge on the subjects in point  and instinct to regard reality for life urge me  without reservation  to recommend her to anyone needing her specialty care and service  ui learned a great deal from dr cho's expertise she meets patients warmly where they are  and collaborates well with colleagues an expert in psychiatry in every way  and a true asset to healthtap!  u'dry cho is a welcome addition to healthtap  she has an excellent knowledge of psychiatry the information she provides is a real service to the public i endorse dr cho'  u'dr cho  is a dedicated humanitarian  out there in the field treating the most vulnerable and forsaken people that most of this country ignoresall due respect'  u'dr austina cho ia a very caring and competent psychiatrist she is one of the best in the greater los angeles area'  u'dr cho is an excellent  caring psychiatrist her answers on healthtap are thoughtful and sound highly recommend!']
1495,[u'i cannot say enough to honor dr archer  a true scientist  capable of rational  well founded  science based thought coupled with a love for people and a drive to help every one live the fullest life possible  she demonstrates true interest in every patient whose questions she answers and earns the respect and trust of her patients and her colleagues  i learn so much from reading her answers'  u'love what dr cynthia archer stands for! she is passionate about helping patients feel better  understands their medical conditions & provides sound  clear practical advice on how best to take care of the problem now to resolve it she provides meaningful insights to both patients and doctors alike to learn what good medicine practice is  if not great medicine! i recommend her highly!'  u'i have had the pleasure of getting to know dr archer through her professional wisdom as well as personally to discover she is charming and avant garde which in my opinion are valuable attributes to have in this day and age of the modern physician  i recommend her without reservation and look forward to continued good personal and professional relatiionships with her'  umost people spend more time shopping for a new car than they select a physician it's important to find a physician you trust and feel comfortable with dr cynthia archer is the only doctor you need to know she is a human being who cares about people i'm really learning a lot from her answers highly recommended dr paul grin  u'dr archer gives understandable  pertinent answers to the everyday questions asked by patients  she is kind  personable and easy to understand  she is the kind of doctor that wants to help you get to the heart of your medical concerns so you can feel better  i recommend her as your doctor to see'  u'a personable  intelligent physician with a talent for teaching without patronizing in a down-to-earth  succint way  dr  cynthia archer is truly a highly valued member of healthtap her patients are fortunate to find such a competent  caring physician i recommend her highly']
1496,[u'dr uyeda is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr uyeda is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr uyeda is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'i am grateful for this doctor this thanksgiving!'  u'i am grateful for this doctor this thanksgiving!'  u'give answeres in good way']
1497,[u'i am grateful to drgrin for educating not only myself  but all of us here at healthtap about pain management  and  moreover  i am grateful to him for his openness to the effects of psychotherapy i have encountered many pain practitioners who devalue therapy as being unneeded  and that medication solves everything no so for dr grin  and i am relieved he is more forward thinking & collaborative!'  u'what a great guy  excellent physician  wonderful colleague and all around genius in the area of pain as well in a surprising range of other areas  i learn from him every day and have recommended that my own daughter read his information to help sort out her tmj  he does not hesitate to tackle any question and returns clear explanations of the most complex issues seasoned with true compassion'  u'dr grin is a wonderful colleague and physician he is knowledgeable in multiple areas not only in the scope of pain management his genuine compassion is evident not only in the way he cares for patients  but for the community of physicians here on healthtap as well we are all lucky to have him share his wisdom with us!'  u'i am endorsing dr grin he is providing an excellent service to the public on healthtap the medical information  dr grin provides is accurate & understandable dr grin is clearly very knowledgeable about pain management and medicine in general'  uhave been reading dr grin's responses and have been impressed with his lucid explanations of issues that are difficult to explain to non-medical personnel he is thorough  concise  and provides excellent advice  u'i highly endorse dr paul grin as a healthtap and healthtap prime as an expert his commentaries and clinical insights are astute and educational to both patients and physicians he is an asset to our community']
1498,[u'dr volicer is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr volicer is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1499,[u'our current aafp president  if this md has the trust of the majority of fm doctors in the nationyou can trust him with his answers  thank you for your leadership  to the future of dpc:)am sure will have future discussions with you and dr forrest'  u'i was taught by dr blackwelder in medical school and still remember his words of wisdom and his love of family medicine and wellness'  u'a fantastic and dedicated physician great answers and very helpful! thank you!'  u'helpful  experienced physician who offers great answers on healthtap!'  u'excellent doctor and an asset to healthtap'  u'gives good medical advice and is caring']
1500,[u'dr ferguson is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr ferguson is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1501,[u'great doc!!']
1502,[u'outstanding healthtap physician with excellent  accurate  scientific and helpful  educated answers  cares for patients and answers questions in thoughtful  kind manner  highly recommend'  u'dr higginbotham consistently gives excellent & reliable advice about all aspects of gynecology & obstetrics'  udr higginbotham's credentials are superb!  his answers are accurate and very succinct!!!  u'nice answers  appears to be caring'  u'very accurate clear answers'  u'highly recommend']
1503,[u'dr dyro is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr dyro is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1504,[u'dr sheehan is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr sheehan is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1505,[ui endorse dr chiu it's clear from his answers to challenging questions that he is indeed an expert in his field  he is a wonderful resource to healthtap and therefore to the public who needs sound medical answers  u'dr chiu is a very knowledgeable and compassionate doctor who gives practical and sensible advice i enjoy reading his answers highly recommended'  u'excellent fund of knowledge in his specialty thorough but to the point answers to questions'  u'good practical answers'  u'highly recommended-dave'  u'highly recommend']
1506,[u'i recommend dr beresh  he is an asset to healthtap and is well respected in the medical community'  u'i believe he is honest and sincere  his knowledge is excellent'  u'will follow you on health tap'  u'highly recommended-dave'  u'very knowledgeable']
1507,[ui enjoy and learn from dr gaya's many helpful answers on healthtap  his tone with patients is calm and reassuring too  thanks  dr gaya!  u'dr gaya is providing an excellent service to the public through healthtap  i recommend dr gaya'  u'dr gaya always has educational and informative posts and is a great asset to healthtap'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'excellent  caring neurologist']
1508,[u'dr chen is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr chen is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr chen is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1509,[u'dr grossman is a knowledgeable and dedicated dentist with well thought out and articulate answers'  u'excellent info']
1510,[u'dr kahn is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr kahn is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1511,[u'dr chynn is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr chynn is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1512,[u'i really enjoy reading the information dr bonuel provides  he has a holistic approach and clearly is capable of thinking outside the box in a way that really benefits patients  he is providing an excellent service to the public via healthtap  i recommend dr bonuel'  u'dr bonuel provides concise answers  and links for patients to learn more about their issues  and is an excellent doctor appreciate him being part of the health tap team of outstanding doctors'  u'i fully recommend dr bonuel to anyone needing his help as he seems to care deeply about his field of internal medicine great physician and colleague and asset to the community at healthtap!'  u'dr bonuel is a caring  knowledgeable physician who shares his time on healthtap generously  he answers questions with the whole person in mind  i recommend dr bonuel'  udr bonuel's posts are always thought provoking  one can truly see the commitment and passion to medicine  keep the great answers coming  u'thank you for caring and helping the health tap community of patients and doctors!  keep up the great job!']
1513,[u'dr ali is extremely knowledgeable  his answers always provide a wealth of resources and accurate information his expertise in medicine and psychiatry together with his compassionate clinical excellence  give the best standard of ethics and care to health tap i highly recommend dr ali'  udr ali is always ready to jump in and help patients on healthtap! he's highly knowledgeable and shares his expertise generously i imagine his own patients consider him kind and approachable  and that they feel lucky to have him in their corner  udr ali is easily one of the most ubiquitous presences on healthtap -- sharing his huge breadth of knowledge  wisdom  and wit  i've learned a great deal from him  and am grateful for his presence here  thanks  dr ali!  u'i always see dr ali online giving expert advice on fear of heights  bipolar disorder  panic attacks  borderline personality disorder  adderall he also reviews apps and is a major contributer to the health tap community'  u'i recommend dr ali for his dedication to healthtap  his clinical judgment  his fund of knowledge and his empathic interaction with those asking questions he is an excellent clinician who responses can be trusted'  u'dr ali gives superb advice in so many different areas apart from his excellent answers to just about all branches of psychiatry i have personally learned much from and am very thankful to him']
1514,[udrdavis comes to ht with unique medical training background and unique skills  and with that comes her unique answers and insights here on this forum she is a competent  dedicated  compassionate physician and it's truly a pleasure to recommend her  udr davis is a very knowledgeable  hardworking physician she provides helpful  practical responses to all kinds of questions in adult and pediatric medicine  i'm glad to have her as a healthtap colleague  and highly recommend her  u'dr davis has shown a level of caring and straight-forward communication that is rare in doctors today  she is a genuine individual with an obvious dedication to her patients  she has my highest recommendation !'  u'dr davis is very smart and give great advice  her background as a clinical pharmacist certainly enhances her understanding of complex medical conditions and treatments  she has my highest recommendation!'  u'dr davis is an extremely knowledgeable and caring physician and i continue to learn from reading her answers she is an asset to her patients and the healthtap community'  u'a concise answer  compassion and experience is what you will get when dr davis answers one of your questions  such a great value to the healthtap community!']
1515,[udr darius saghafi is caring  compassionate  and knowledgeable he is an excellent and experienced neurologist who demonstrates a clinical acumen that spans across medical specialties his answers are concise and intuitive dr saghafi's keen and charming sense of humor gives him a  wonderful bedside manner and his responses are a delight to read i am pleased to him as a colleague on healthtap  udr saghafi is a great physician and colleague! i learn a great deal from his answers and feedback  and what sets him apart is his ability to make complex concepts tangible to patients and to physicians without specialty training in neurology that's not easy to do what's more is he's got a tremendous sense of humor so he entertains while teaching dedicated and compassionate  he's got it all  u'doctor darish saghaf is dedicated to being available and answering questions of all types  not just neurology  he has a vast medical knowledge and it is my pleasure to be able to work with him on the healthtap platform as i also get the opportunity to learn from him while we treat or patients and answer questions  thank you  dr sanghaf'  udr saghafi is one of healthtap's stars  his compassion  knowledge  and ability to translate that knowledge to a level that makes it understandable  all make for an excellent clinician  add to that his sense of humor  and you have a highly recommended physician that i think we'd all like to meet in person!  u'dr saghafi takes the time and gives the thought that results in not only answers to difficult questions but education to providers asking for advice  his consults are thorough  analysis comprehensive and advice geared to the most effective approach  we are fortunate to have him as a consultant'  ui have reviewed many of dr saghafi's answers and consultations he has excellent clinical acumen and a kind and gracious manner his documentation is among the best i have reviewed i would certainly recommend him to any of my patients as an accomplished neurologist]
1516,[u'dr oscar novick is an excellent pediatrician who demonstrates a wide-breadth of knowledge across medical specialties his responses are concise  practical  and insightful and i look forward to reading them additionally he is kind and caring as reflected in his answers i am happy to have dr novick as my colleague on healthtap!'  ui like & admire dr novick 's vastness of passion & compassion  wealth in his specialty knowledge  and keen instinct to conjecture useful solutions beyond available facts so  i recommend him without reservation to anyone in need for his specialty care and service \r\n\r\n(james) chin-ti lin  md  u'dr novick is clearly has an outstanding knowledge of pediatrics he is providing an excellent service to the public via healhtap the information he provides is understandable  accurate & compassionate i endorse dr novick'  u'excellent well thought out answers an excellent resource for patients and an asset to healthtap anybody who takes their personal time  to answer patient questions and does so without anything in return is fine by me'  u'i am always amazed at his breadth of knowledge in pediatrics- it is obvious from his answers and online presence  he is an expert in pediatrics and a value to the health tap community'  u'dr novick has my highest recommendation he is a well respected pediatrician in his community and it is great to see  expertise and insights shared on health tap']
1517,[udr koch is a caring doctor who offers his patients his all he's knowledgeable and experienced but  most of all  his spirit of service lives through his work i have met him personally and would recommend him as a trusted colleague  u'knowledgeable and caring  family man and doctor i am comfortable sending patients that need a high caliber heart specialist'  ui appreciate dr koch's concise answers to complicated questions  he's a great doctor we're lucky to have on healthtap!  u'very knowledgeable and helpfel this answers!  a value to his patients and this organization !'  u'i recommend this doctor  very insightful and i learn something new from these answers'  u'dr koch is an outstanding cardiologist and very engaged in the healthtap community']
1518,[u'dr ziboh is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr ziboh is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1519,[u'very accurate and timely responses']
1520,[u'i endorse this dentist i have had the privilege and pleasure of knowing dr sandler for close to 20 years my experiences of working with him have been always positive patient feedback is always exceptional and patients expectations have been met and exceeded he is a kind  caring and compassionate man who seeks perfection in his work dr sandler is constantly being educated with the newest knowledge and techniques in his field'  ui have followed dr sandler's comments to patients and practitioners alike for several months his answers to patients are caring  thorough  and obviously fully researched his advice to practioners is spot on--a trusted and erudite member of the dental community it is a privilege to include him in my network of health care providers and resources  u'dr sandler provides excellent advice to patients and peers his advice is consistent with a high standard of care his answers to questions on this site are well thought out and consistent with the kind of care i expect in a true dental professional it is my pleasure to endorse him'  u'dr sandler is that one of a kind of professional that unfortunately is sometimes hard to find  his expertise and professionalism is outstanding and seems to only follow his heart and compassion for patients  i am proud to have met dr sandler and i can not recommend him enough'  ui have been impressed by dr sandler's professionalism  he responds with care and passion and often goes beyond the call of duty in providing useful information in his answers  i consider his patients to be lucky to have him as their dentist i endorse him without reservations  ui know dr sandler from the avvo community and i have experienced his commitment to his patients and dentistry it's rare to find someone who makes an active effort to improve the field and it is from this that i am confident that dr sandler will not disappoint]
1521,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'thanks for your contribution at health tap']
1522,[u'dr hill is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr hill is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'i seen specialist and he wad right on!'  u'thanks for the thoughtful suggestions'  u'very thorough answer'  u'great advice']
1523,[ui highly recommend dr killian for his dedication and excellent and straightforward responses on healthtap he is clearly very knowledgeable in the area of human sexuality and sexually transmitted diseases as well as in men's health and excellent addition to the healthtap team  ui see dr k on line often giving expert and knowledgeable advice from a variety of topics including : human immunodeficiency virus  sexually transmitted infections  aids  gay  lesbian and transgender health  men's health he is a major contributer to the health tap community  udr killian has a vast amount of knowledge and a great ability to separate the wheat from the chaff in answering questions with clarity and wit i appreciate learning from him as much as i'm sure the readers do  too  u'dr killian is informative  clear  compassionate and interesting i look forward to seeing his replies and comments i always learn things that are helpful and often thought provoking a great resource!'  u'dr killian is very knowledgeable and his answers are a great resource to patients here on health tap  i find myself learning a lot from reading his entries'  u'outstanding and to the point answers and advice obviously a very knowledgeable  caring and dedicated doctor']
1524,[u'great dentist!!!']
1525,[u'doctor doan is a quality doctor  he has trained at the best places  he has tremendous bed-side manner  and he is a skilled surgeon'  u'agree with his recommendations']
1526,[ui like & admire dr raff's stock of passion & compassion  wealth of specialty knowledge  and keen instinct to conjecture useful solutions beyond available facts so  i recommend her to anyone needing her specialty care/service without reservation \r\n\r\n(james) chin-ti lin  md  udr raff provides a tremendous service to patients with his expertise and caring manner he is certainly my go-to source when i need expert opinion  and i've learned a great deal from reading his answers outstanding!  u'excellent well thought out answers an excellent resource for patients and an asset to healthtap anybody who takes their personal time  to answer patient questions and does so without anything in return is fine by me'  u'dr raff has an outstanding breath of knowledge about infectious diseases and medicine in general he provides an exceptional public service through the education he provides via health tap i recommend dr raff'  udr raff gives sensible  direct answers to a wide range of questions  he teaches me a lot about infectious disease!  he's also a consistently positive presence on healthtap  and i recommend him highly  uyou can't get any better than dr raff  head of the id division when i was in med school and residency at u of louisville  he is extremely knowledgeable  but also a great teacher and a caring doctor]
1527,[u'great answers  thank you!']
1528,[u'dr fields is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr fields is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'i am grateful for this doctor this thanksgiving!'  u'i am grateful for this doctor this thanksgiving!']
1529,[u'i highly recommend this doctor for any and all neurological issues  if  there is a way that i can possibly have him intervene on my behalf with my present doctor i shall not hesitate'  u'dr reeves is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr reeves is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1530,[udr malerman is an invaluable resource for his thorough  sound advice  he has mastered the art of dispensing a large amount of wisdom in 400 words  as he says medical docs don't know much about matters in front of the tonsils  and i learn so much from his posts!  he also is not shy about reinforcing the wisdom of his peers in both the medical and dental profession  u'dr malerman is not only an expert in his field but knows a lot about everything!  he is a welcomed asset to healthtap and a great patient advocate  highly recommended'  u'dr malerman has consistently shown thoughtful and useful advise to patients in his interactions  i highly recommend him for your orthodontic needs !'  udr malerman provides informative  to-the-point responses on healthtap  he's clearly a knowledgeable and caring orthodontist  u'dr  malerman has a vast fund of knowledge that allows for effectively contributing to this online community of health'  u'dr malerman answers truthfully  understandably and is a fountain of vast dental knowledge i doff my hat to him']
1531,[u'dr kessler is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr kessler is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'i am grateful for this doctor this thanksgiving!']
1532,[u'dr van dis is known for her excellent diagnostic and procedure skills  she has tremendous experience in the operating room  especially with minimally invasive gynecological procedures  dr van dis possesses exceptional bedside manner  as she displays the highest level of compassion for her patients'  u'i recommend dr van dis she is clearly very knowledgable about obstetrics & gynecology her responses are accurate  understandable & get to the meat of  the matter she is providing an excellent service to the public via healthtap  i endorse dr van dis'  udr van dis  is a dear colleague i trained with at ucla  she is an outstanding physician and patient advocate  her bedside manner is very warm and caring and she truly enjoys what she does  women's health needs more doctors like dr van dis  u'i fully recommend dr jane van dis to anyone needing her help as she seems to care deeply about her field of obstetrics & gynecology great physician and colleague and asset to the community at healthtap!'  u'dr van dis is as knowledgeable and experienced as she is empathic and caring a wonderful combination in a practicing physician  i am glad to have met her personally'  u'dr van dis is an amazingly thoughtful and caring physician she works hard everyday to provide compassionate care to the most underserved women']
1533,[u'when asked about acute pancreatic attack  after 8 moths he advised not a good idea to drink alcohol if it caused it good advice and better than saying drink and in away that feels like punishment thx'  u'dr den replied very quickly-i appreciate that so much-even had a chart that i was able to view'  u'have seen a reumtologist buy they have no answers for me what could be wrong???'  u'dr den is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr den is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr den is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1534,[u'thanks sir my urine culture is normal only stap aurea  couglase positive mssa found any good medicine to treat it here in pakistan there is no urologist who can help me can u pl  help here my id basharat_ali2012@hotmailcom'  u'dr krol is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr krol is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1535,[u'dr hanif is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1536,[uimpressed by answers which convey an expanded perspective regarding complex clinical issues  providing doctor education  and patient understanding  these approaches reify the value of dr jaren's contributions to healthtap  udr jaren gives intelligent  thoughtful and easy to understand answers  he's a great resource  especially for neurologic questions  u'based upon the materials presented  dr jaren has reputable training and experience'  u'very knowledgeable physician with great resources  recommend without reservation!'  u'dr jaren is a great physician and educator thanks for all you do on healthtap'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
1537,[u'dr ledford is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr ledford is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1538,[u'dr rajpal is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr rajpal is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1539,[uwhat a delight it is to read dr friedlander's posts he is direct and his advice is personalized clearly he's kind as he tells it like it is  without waffling while doing so  he also recognizes full well that we all deserve respect  frankness  and honesty when dosing out wisdom  whether to patients  the public  or his peers  u'very knowledgeable and capable of conveying his thoughts in a very clear way uncommon gift of empathy for those asking the questions  yet answers directly and unhesitatingly it is a pleasure to read his responses and to learn from him for a pathologist i find him refreshingly conversant with the living!'  u'dr friedlander is an excellent physician who really knows what he is talking about i am sincerely happy to be in connection with him on healthtap i highly recommend dr friedlander: his straightforward excellent answers are a great resource both to patients & drs thank you dr friedlander !'  u'dr friedlander is an extremely knowledgeable physician who continually gives superb advice on an incredible range of medical conditions hi9s answers are always accurate & totally reliable we are very fortunate to have him as a colleague on healthtap'  u'as a former student of dr friedlander i can say that he is quite brilliant and very quick with often very insightful and helpful witticisms  he has a great love of medicine and  i believe  an even greater love of teaching medicine to others'  u'a very knowledgable individual i had the privilege of attending his pathology course as a medical student in kansas city  mo i have appreciated his contribution to my education and value the solid core foundation he contributed in providing']
1540,[u'dr gregory hines is an excellent physician  very knowledgeable passionate  and on the top of his field he is a great value to the people of tn  and to the family of health tap'  u'i recommend this doctor  very insightful and i learn something new from these answers'  u'dr hines is a knowledgeable and caring physician'  u'good knowledgeable answers and caring approach'  u'excellent doctor']
1541,[u'dr speck is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr speck is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1542,[u'great  doctor']
1543,[u'knowledegeable and caring answers']
1544,[u'dr liao is clearly very knowledgeable in ophthalmology she is providing a valuable service to the public via healthtap i endorse dr liao'  u'dedicated ophthalmologist\r\ngreat answers very intelligent\r\nhighly recommend'  u'wonderfully sensitive dr; her expertise  wisdom and accuracy are outstanding !'  u'very good and timely responses']
1545,[u'i recommend dr conovalciuc he provides really interesting (& spot on) responses on healthtap  his responses are often not run of the mill - which is why i enjoy reading & learning from them here is clearly very knowledgeable about medicine he is providing an excellent service to the public on healthtap i endorse dr conovalciuc'  u'dr conovalciuc is a fantastic family physician who not only cares for his patients in person but for those in this online community by giving clear & thoughtful answers on a regular basis in the process  he teaches the rest of us & reminds us of why we entered this profession in the first place thank you  dr c!'  udr conovalciuc's answers are clear  easy for patients to understand  and show his experience and tremendous breadth of knowledge he seems to be a very caring person and a great asset  to health tap  u'dr conovalciuc is the most versatile  knowledgeable  compassionate doctor  he goes out of his way to help millions of people by participating actively in this project'  u'dr conovalciuc consistently gives clear  helpful and compassionate answers to patients on healthtap i recommend him as a kind and knowledgeable physician'  u'dr conovalciuc it generous with his time to one and all  i am glad i got to know him on healthtap  and learn from him']
1546,[udr long's answers are straight and to the point accurate and clear understandable without a lot of jargon he provides the type of answers that high in good sense and that most people submitting are probably looking for  u'dr james long is concerned for your health and i recommend all doctors on healthtap- dave']
1547,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'a welcome addition to healthtap']
1548,[u'i have been following dr singh\'s answers for some time and am impressed in how easily his answers get right to the heart of the questions you might say that his answers all have a certain pop to them'  u'your dedication and commitment to providing quality health consultation on healthtap is greatly admired and a true benefit to your patients keep up the good work'  udr singh provides very informative answers that are right on track with the questions asked  he's a wonderful asset to the healthtap community!  u'dr singh  addresses patient questions in a concise  clear manner  with  links for additional information  excellent physician!'  u'prolific and insightful  dr singh is an important contributor valued by his patients and his physician colleagues'  u'i recommend this doctor  very insightful and i learn something new from these answers']
1549,[u'dr lenkowsky is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1550,[u'recommend dr munshower with the highest accolades  his answers on health tap are thoughtful  caring and scientifically accurate  he possesses the ability to answer patients questions intelligently while at the same time providing excellent health education and informing patients in a thoughtful manner  the highest recommendation'  umost people spend more time shopping for a new car than they select a physician it's important to find a physician you trust and feel comfortable with dr john c munshower is the only one you need to know he is a human being who cares about people  i'm really learning a lot from him highly recommended  ui see many of dr munshower's patients  i hear from them over and over how much they enjoy having him for their primary care doctor and that they think they are receiving excellent care from him  u'i fully recommend dr munshower to anyone needing his help as he seems to care deeply about his field of family medicine great physician and colleague and asset to the community at healthtap!'  u'dr john munshower is a knowledgeable  experienced  and caring physician  his responses are clear  concise  and practical  i am pleased to have dr munshower as a colleague on healthtap!'  udr munshower provides excellent  concise  accurate recommendations to patients' questions  that are well meaningful and relevant i value his contributions to the health tap forum]
1551,[udr rivera-godreau is dedicated to her patients i've personally worked with her for several years  and she's on of the few doctors (actually!) that i would entrust with my own family members keep up the good work doc!  u'i highly endorse dr ivelisse rivera-godreau as an expert on healthtap and healthtap prime her comments are astute and educational for both patients and physicians she is an asset to the healthtap community'  u'dr rivera-godreau consistently gives thoughtful   straightforward  helpful answers to patient questions  and i learn a lot from her responses i find her to be caring and kind and i highly recommend her'  u'dr rivera-godreau is a caring physician with rich experience and knowledge in medicine  she brings a great outlook to her patients!'  u'dr brand is a highly knowledgeable and compassionate doctor enjoy reading her answers recommended'  u'insightful responses that addresses patients concerns clearly great doc!']
1552,[u'good knowledgeable answers and caring approach'  u'thanks for taking such good care of the kids!'  u'accurate  precise answers  impressive'  u'very timely and accurate responses'  u'great answers very precise'  u'excellent physician!']
1553,[u'dr radovic is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr radovic is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'very nice and was presice with his recommendations very thankful!!!!'  u'hello dr can you help me in diagnosing sle disease?'  u'i am grateful for this doctor this thanksgiving!'  u'he provided me with the information i needed']
1554,[u'excellent consultant great informations/advices  in regard to breast cancer surgery and everything around it'  udr hampton's responses to questions are helpful to the patients as well as her colleagues  uanswers patient's questions in a timely manner  very knowledgeable!  u'knowledegeable and caring answers'  u'excellent physician!']
1555,[ui enjoy reading dr kwok's advice on health tap i'm impressed by the broad scope of his medical knowledge  his sense of humor and his skill in explaining medical issues to patients in plain english without resorting to medical jargon he is an asset to health tap  u'dr kwok is a kind and knowledgable physician who is always a pleasure to interact and work with  i would highly recommend as a pediatrician in the south bay area!'  ufast  fantastic answers to often complex questions  truly an asset to the medical community a true national leader in children's health care  u'committed to next generation healthcare while maintaining the humanity of physician-patient interaction  knowledgeable and experienced'  udr kwok's posts are always thought provoking  one can truly see the commitment and passion to medicine  keep the great answers coming  u'excellent contributor to healthtap extremely knowledgeable and graciously shares his gifts with the world and he has a lot to share!']
1556,[u'dr tomasello is an extremely knowledgeable physician and an excellent orthopedist he is an asset to healthcare here in south florida and to the healthtap community!']
1557,[u'dr achong has given great  practical  and caring answers to all the questions i have seen him answer  i would have no difficulty referring patients into his care'  u'dr achong is extremely knowledgeable  dedicated  informative and articulate with his spot on answers  his patients are lucky to have him as their doctor!'  ui am impressed with dr achong's depth of knowledge and commitment to dentistry i recommend dr achong to anyone in need of oral surgery services  u'dr achong is a cogent thinker who takes time to submit compehensive answers which is reflective of his desire for providing outstanding care'  u'informative  thoughtful answers dr achong has consistently provided excellent information for both patients and other practitioners'  u'i recommend you as a well know expert in your field\r\ndr jakavick would recommend this dr to all who seek their expertise']
1558,[u'nice answers! great job']
1559,[u'dr rudolph is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr rudolph is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1560,[udr werner is a highly knowledgeable  compassionate and caring physician (cardiologist) who has helped countless people on healthtap his thank you notes are a testimony to how much the people he helps appreciate him i'd like to add my thank you too  u'this highly knowledgeable physician is amazingly articulate and responds to complex questions with clear and easily understood explanations would certainly use him as my cardiologist if he were closer'  u'knowledgeable  dedicated  experienced  and caring excellent and to the point answers and advice a real asset to the healthtap community thank you for your contributions'  u'i have known dr werner and follow his experty in cardiovascular health since i joined healthtap he is a knowledgeable and dedicated physician whom i highly recommend'  u'excellent   well explained and timely responses  he is highly recognized in the  cardiology  community and a terrific clinical resource for healthtap'  u'dr werner provides among the best answers on health tap his answers are accurate  understandable  always informative  reliable and compassionate']
1561,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
1562,[u'dr guglani is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr guglani is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1563,[u'i recommend dr herrington  thorough and knowledgeable'  u'very accurate and timely answers'  u'recommended']
1564,[u'dr miller is consistently helpful to patients and colleagues he has an excellent fund of medical knowledge and his answers are alway clear  concise and helpful we are fortunate to have him as part of the health tap community'  u'i recommend dr miller  very dedicated and great doctor he provides very good care to his patients and offers useful and assertive answers to their questions caring and thoughtful'  u'i would like to welcome dr miller to healthtap  he is providing an excellent service to the public through the informative and spot on responses he gives i endorse dr miller'  u'dr miller cares deeply for his patients he is current in his knowledge and skills  and reads voraciously on new medical research i recommend his advice without reservation!'  u'dr philip miller is an excellent physician very knowledgeable passionate and on the top of his field he is a great value to the peolpe of  fl and to the family of health tap'  u'dr miller is well connected to the world of medicine  sharing his advice and expertise to benefit others in need i highly recommend him\r\n\r\ndr jeffrey bassman']
1565,[udr werner is a highly knowledgeable  compassionate and caring physician (cardiologist) who has helped countless people on healthtap his thank you notes are a testimony to how much the people he helps appreciate him i'd like to add my thank you too  u'this highly knowledgeable physician is amazingly articulate and responds to complex questions with clear and easily understood explanations would certainly use him as my cardiologist if he were closer'  u'knowledgeable  dedicated  experienced  and caring excellent and to the point answers and advice a real asset to the healthtap community thank you for your contributions'  u'i have known dr werner and follow his experty in cardiovascular health since i joined healthtap he is a knowledgeable and dedicated physician whom i highly recommend'  u'excellent   well explained and timely responses  he is highly recognized in the  cardiology  community and a terrific clinical resource for healthtap'  u'dr werner provides among the best answers on health tap his answers are accurate  understandable  always informative  reliable and compassionate']
1566,[u'highly recommend dr william jurewitz for his contributions to healthtap would love to see more answers  so we can all learn from his expertise!']
1567,[u'dr liu is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr liu is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1568,[u'dr gabor  has an outstanding knowledge base of both diagnostic radiology and of medicine in general (across the board)  he is providing a valuable service to the public via healthtap i endorse dr gabor'  u'dr michael gabor is an excellent physician  very knowledgeable passionate  and on the top of his field he is a great value to the people of ny  and to the family of health tap'  u'dr gabor is a very knowledgeable and compassionate doctor always enjoy reading his insightful answers highly recommended'  u'understandable answers  educates us all both patients and doctors alike  generous and collaborative recommended to all!'  u'dr gabor has been an excellent consultant and is a great asset to thr healthtap prime physician community'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
1569,[u'being trained  licensed  & board certified both medically (both otolaryngology and facial plastic & reconstructive surgery) and dentally (oral & maxillofacial surgery) drgallia is in possession of an incredibly impressive breadth of training  knowledge  and experience in his field  his answers to questions are clear  precise  & very helpful &it is my pleasure to recommend him very highly indeed'  u'although i live far from dr lou  i have had the chance to see his recommendations  his accolades and his patient satisfaction i highly recommend dr lou for his experience  recognition nationally and his devotion to his community of patients'  u'great doctor he gets right to the point  addresses the issue in a straightforward manner and tells you who to follow up with what more could you want glad to have him here on healthtapcom impressed with his tmj expertise'  u'i have known dr gallia to be extremely knowledgable as an oral surgeon and have been very pleased with the way he has teated my patients  i have no hesitation in recommending him'  u'dr gallia is an expert in his field and i highly recommend searching him out for answers relating to ent  maxillofacial  tmj  and other related areas of interest!'  u'not your basic or all surgeon  best of the best! very experience oral surgeon many additional specialties definitely in good hands and highly recommended!']
1570,[u'i am grateful to drgrin for educating not only myself  but all of us here at healthtap about pain management  and  moreover  i am grateful to him for his openness to the effects of psychotherapy i have encountered many pain practitioners who devalue therapy as being unneeded  and that medication solves everything no so for dr grin  and i am relieved he is more forward thinking & collaborative!'  u'what a great guy  excellent physician  wonderful colleague and all around genius in the area of pain as well in a surprising range of other areas  i learn from him every day and have recommended that my own daughter read his information to help sort out her tmj  he does not hesitate to tackle any question and returns clear explanations of the most complex issues seasoned with true compassion'  u'dr grin is a wonderful colleague and physician he is knowledgeable in multiple areas not only in the scope of pain management his genuine compassion is evident not only in the way he cares for patients  but for the community of physicians here on healthtap as well we are all lucky to have him share his wisdom with us!'  u'i am endorsing dr grin he is providing an excellent service to the public on healthtap the medical information  dr grin provides is accurate & understandable dr grin is clearly very knowledgeable about pain management and medicine in general'  uhave been reading dr grin's responses and have been impressed with his lucid explanations of issues that are difficult to explain to non-medical personnel he is thorough  concise  and provides excellent advice  u'i highly endorse dr paul grin as a healthtap and healthtap prime as an expert his commentaries and clinical insights are astute and educational to both patients and physicians he is an asset to our community']
1571,[u'dr jhangiani is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr jhangiani is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1572,[u'dr newman provides knowledgable and concise responses that are to the point  yet empathic i highly recommend him'  u'very thoughtful ob with a great approach to the person  not just the case'  u'nice answers  appears to be caring']
1573,[u'dr hoffer is a very fine doctor!!! i have been his patient for about 10 years now and i am very satisfied with him'  u'dr hoffer is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr hoffer is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1574,[u'i endorse this doctor\ni have the priviledge of knowing dr dass for almost seven years he is a great physician with a vast plastic surgical knowledge he provides great care for his patient with great attention to detail'  u'dr dass is providing an excellent service to the public via health tap i learn alot about plastic surgery from reading his responses which are accurate  interesting  pertinent and understandable  i recommend dr dass'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'i recommend this physician']
1575,[u'i highly endorse dr david lipkin as an expert consultant on both healthtap and healthtap prime his commentaries are insightful   astute and educational  for both patients and physicians alike he is an asset to the healthtap comminity'  u'dr lipkin provides patients with caring  accurate and thoughtful advice  highly recommend  one of the best physicians on healthtap'  u'dr lipkin  is caring  helpful and has a wealth of knowledge that he shares with patients and colleagues thank you!'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  udr lipkin's holistic approach definitely speaks wisdom  he cares  u'gives excellent caring advice']
1576,[u'dr wolfe is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr wolfe is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr wolfe is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'quick response and very helpful!']
1577,[u'to the point  accurate and very pleasant']
1578,[u'dr jones is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr jones is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1579,[u'dr martin is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1580,[u'i cannot say enough to honor dr archer  a true scientist  capable of rational  well founded  science based thought coupled with a love for people and a drive to help every one live the fullest life possible  she demonstrates true interest in every patient whose questions she answers and earns the respect and trust of her patients and her colleagues  i learn so much from reading her answers'  u'love what dr cynthia archer stands for! she is passionate about helping patients feel better  understands their medical conditions & provides sound  clear practical advice on how best to take care of the problem now to resolve it she provides meaningful insights to both patients and doctors alike to learn what good medicine practice is  if not great medicine! i recommend her highly!'  u'i have had the pleasure of getting to know dr archer through her professional wisdom as well as personally to discover she is charming and avant garde which in my opinion are valuable attributes to have in this day and age of the modern physician  i recommend her without reservation and look forward to continued good personal and professional relatiionships with her'  umost people spend more time shopping for a new car than they select a physician it's important to find a physician you trust and feel comfortable with dr cynthia archer is the only doctor you need to know she is a human being who cares about people i'm really learning a lot from her answers highly recommended dr paul grin  u'dr archer gives understandable  pertinent answers to the everyday questions asked by patients  she is kind  personable and easy to understand  she is the kind of doctor that wants to help you get to the heart of your medical concerns so you can feel better  i recommend her as your doctor to see'  u'a personable  intelligent physician with a talent for teaching without patronizing in a down-to-earth  succint way  dr  cynthia archer is truly a highly valued member of healthtap her patients are fortunate to find such a competent  caring physician i recommend her highly']
1581,[u'i recommend this doctor  very insightful and i learn something new from these answers'  u'a top doctor we are lucky to have dr eleczcko contribute to healthtap'  u'knowledgeable  caring  answers well founded in scientific fact'  u'excellent dentist  very informative and helpful answers'  u'a very knowledgeable  dedicated and caring dentist'  u'thanks for your valuable contributions']
1582,[u'i am grateful to drgrin for educating not only myself  but all of us here at healthtap about pain management  and  moreover  i am grateful to him for his openness to the effects of psychotherapy i have encountered many pain practitioners who devalue therapy as being unneeded  and that medication solves everything no so for dr grin  and i am relieved he is more forward thinking & collaborative!'  u'what a great guy  excellent physician  wonderful colleague and all around genius in the area of pain as well in a surprising range of other areas  i learn from him every day and have recommended that my own daughter read his information to help sort out her tmj  he does not hesitate to tackle any question and returns clear explanations of the most complex issues seasoned with true compassion'  u'dr grin is a wonderful colleague and physician he is knowledgeable in multiple areas not only in the scope of pain management his genuine compassion is evident not only in the way he cares for patients  but for the community of physicians here on healthtap as well we are all lucky to have him share his wisdom with us!'  u'i am endorsing dr grin he is providing an excellent service to the public on healthtap the medical information  dr grin provides is accurate & understandable dr grin is clearly very knowledgeable about pain management and medicine in general'  uhave been reading dr grin's responses and have been impressed with his lucid explanations of issues that are difficult to explain to non-medical personnel he is thorough  concise  and provides excellent advice  u'i highly endorse dr paul grin as a healthtap and healthtap prime as an expert his commentaries and clinical insights are astute and educational to both patients and physicians he is an asset to our community']
1583,[u'i would  like to welcome dr  bradley to avvocom he is providing a valuable public service through his insightful responses on avvocom'  u'dr bradley has provided insightful  compassionate and well thought out answers on avvo  he is a welcome addition to the avvo community'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'i enjoy your comments useful and practical']
1584,[u'dr moats is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr moats is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1585,[u'dr kushner is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr kushner is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1586,[u'dr bown is a sports/ physical medicine  virtuoso he provides an exellent public service to healthtap readers  his responses are informative  interesting and understandable i learn from him i recommend dr bowen'  u'i highly recommend dr bowen he provides a unique perspective to healthtap with his clinical background his answers are accurate  empathic and can be trusted for their accuracy thank you  dr bowen'  u'dr bowen is well respected in the physical medicine and rehab field he is careful and detailed in his answers to questions as a neurosurgeon  i find his insights/experience in concussion valuable'  ua thoughtful and helpful approach to answering patient's problems is what we need as a model to build this healthcare business the right way i am happy to recommend dr bowen as a colleague  u'he is an expert in toe walking  sports fitness  tendonitis  achilles tendonitis  musculoskeletal pain- he contributes to health tap and the community as well we are fortunate to have him'  u'i like the way dr bowen meet patients where they are  collaborates well with colleagues  and clearly is an expert in his field he is an asset to healthtap!']
1587,[u'i truly appreciate the work you guys do! thank you for being part of this community!  keep up the good work!'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'very timely and accurate responses']
1588,[u'i endorse dr okeke she is clearly very knowledgeable about ophthalmology and is providing a valuable service to the public via healthtap'  u'dr okeke is a caring and very well educated in opthalmology  her answers are golden'  u'clear and concise answers  accompanied by messages of hope and reassurance'  u'thank you for such amazing answers great doc!'  u'for all opthalmology problems'  u'a knowledgeable speciality']
1589,[u'great surgeon and caring doctor']
1590,[u'dr franz is a well-rounded physician who offers practical  helpful suggestions  she is knowledgeable in both conventional and integrative treatments  and is a real boon to healthtap  thank you  dr franz!'  u'dr franz provides an exceptional public service on healthtap she clearly has both breath and depth of knowledge in pediatrics and many other areas in medicine i recommend dr  franz'  u'wonderful physician! great to have such a knowledgeable and open minded voice in the field of pediatrics'  ubest peds doc ever!  thanks for taking such good care of florida's kids!  uanswers patient's questions in a timely manner  very knowledgeable!  u'wow consider yourself fortunate to find such a caring physician']
1591,[u'dr inwood is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr inwood is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr inwood is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'tks for info  appreciate that you suggested more than one possibility'  u'i am grateful for this doctor this thanksgiving!']
1592,[u'i consistently learn from the information that dr namey provides on health  tap he is clearly very knowledgable in rheumatology and medicine in general i think that he would be the doctor i would want to see if i developed rheumatologic problems i recommend dr namey'  u'a concise answer  compassion and experience is what you will get when dr namey answers one of your questions  such a great value to the healthtap community!'  u'dr namey provides thoughtful  on-target answers in an impressive array of areas  i always look forward to reading his responses!'  u'thoughtful and well phrased intelligent responses to complex issues makes dr namey a valuable resource'  u'i highly recommend doctor thomas namey for expertise in the field of rheumatology'  uanswers patient's questions in a timely manner  very knowledgeable!]
1593,[u'exceptionally skilled radiation oncologist'  u'highest recommendation']
1594,[u'dr golden is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr golden is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1595,[u'i have been following dr singh\'s answers for some time and am impressed in how easily his answers get right to the heart of the questions you might say that his answers all have a certain pop to them'  u'your dedication and commitment to providing quality health consultation on healthtap is greatly admired and a true benefit to your patients keep up the good work'  udr singh provides very informative answers that are right on track with the questions asked  he's a wonderful asset to the healthtap community!  u'dr singh  addresses patient questions in a concise  clear manner  with  links for additional information  excellent physician!'  u'prolific and insightful  dr singh is an important contributor valued by his patients and his physician colleagues'  u'i recommend this doctor  very insightful and i learn something new from these answers']
1596,[u'i endorse this dentist i have had the privilege and pleasure of knowing dr sandler for close to 20 years my experiences of working with him have been always positive patient feedback is always exceptional and patients expectations have been met and exceeded he is a kind  caring and compassionate man who seeks perfection in his work dr sandler is constantly being educated with the newest knowledge and techniques in his field'  ui have followed dr sandler's comments to patients and practitioners alike for several months his answers to patients are caring  thorough  and obviously fully researched his advice to practioners is spot on--a trusted and erudite member of the dental community it is a privilege to include him in my network of health care providers and resources  u'dr sandler provides excellent advice to patients and peers his advice is consistent with a high standard of care his answers to questions on this site are well thought out and consistent with the kind of care i expect in a true dental professional it is my pleasure to endorse him'  u'dr sandler is that one of a kind of professional that unfortunately is sometimes hard to find  his expertise and professionalism is outstanding and seems to only follow his heart and compassion for patients  i am proud to have met dr sandler and i can not recommend him enough'  ui have been impressed by dr sandler's professionalism  he responds with care and passion and often goes beyond the call of duty in providing useful information in his answers  i consider his patients to be lucky to have him as their dentist i endorse him without reservations  ui know dr sandler from the avvo community and i have experienced his commitment to his patients and dentistry it's rare to find someone who makes an active effort to improve the field and it is from this that i am confident that dr sandler will not disappoint]
1597,[u'dr keathley is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr keathley is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1598,[u'dr sclafani is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr sclafani is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1599,[u'dr le is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr le is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'this doctor is very good  and dedicated'  u'amazing doctor!! very well spoken'  u'great doctor!']
1600,[u'dr amin is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr amin is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1601,[u'dr shah is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr shah is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1602,[u'outstanding healthtap physician with excellent  accurate  scientific and helpful  educated answers  cares for patients and answers questions in thoughtful  kind manner  highly recommend'  u'dr higginbotham consistently gives excellent & reliable advice about all aspects of gynecology & obstetrics'  udr higginbotham's credentials are superb!  his answers are accurate and very succinct!!!  u'nice answers  appears to be caring'  u'very accurate clear answers'  u'highly recommend']
1603,[u'it is no wonder that dr placik has a 99 docscore & is ranked first nationally in so many areas of medicine on healthtap he provides concise & accurate  information to many people  he does a good job furthering  education about plastic surgery'  u'i endorse this doctor  he is skilled  ethical  intelligent and reliable  my personal knowledge of his skill and technique is in the area of female cosmetic/plastic genital (vulvar) surgery  at which he is the best in the midwest!'  udr placik is a wonderfully well-rounded physician  whose replies embrace the whole human rather than  on surgical procedures alone  he's a great asset to healthtap  and i'm sure to his patients  u'dr placik has a very wide knowledge which he share with his patients and colleagues  we as well as the online patients are fortunate to have a very valuable clinician like dr pacik'  u'excellent & well written responses from a physician and plastic surgeon who has shown dedication to help many patients with thoughtful answers to their questions on this site'  u'dr placik provides consistently thoughtful answers i especially appreciate that he is conservative and realistic in his answers about cosmetic surgery procedures']
1604,[u'you told me to use more moisturiser on my legs for extreme itchiness and it worked would never have thought im using hand cream on my legs i find it much thicker than normal moisturiser didnt need what my gp reccomendedcant thank you enough :&#41;'  u'dr gutman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr gutman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1605,[u'dr martinez is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr martinez is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr martinez is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'i am grateful for this doctor this thanksgiving!'  u'nice answer to a great question']
1606,[u'i endorse this doctor he is a highly knowledgeable  well informed  compassionate physician and talented surgeon with a great sense of humor who puts his patients at ease and is dedicated to providing outstanding care'  u'prompt   entertaining  yet thorough and accurate responses  an excellent source for patients and doctors on this site i recommend dr rosen without reservation'  u'dr rosen is a significant asset to healthtap  i always enjoy and learn from his comprehensive and easy-to-understand answers well done!'  udr rosen's posts are always thought provoking  one can truly see the commitment and passion to medicine  keep the great answers coming  u'i highly recommend dr rosen he is knowledgable  caring and good humored one of the finest surgeons nationwide'  u'i endorse this doctor excellent advice and information provided to patients on avvocom']
1607,[u'being trained  licensed  & board certified both medically (both otolaryngology and facial plastic & reconstructive surgery) and dentally (oral & maxillofacial surgery) drgallia is in possession of an incredibly impressive breadth of training  knowledge  and experience in his field  his answers to questions are clear  precise  & very helpful &it is my pleasure to recommend him very highly indeed'  u'although i live far from dr lou  i have had the chance to see his recommendations  his accolades and his patient satisfaction i highly recommend dr lou for his experience  recognition nationally and his devotion to his community of patients'  u'great doctor he gets right to the point  addresses the issue in a straightforward manner and tells you who to follow up with what more could you want glad to have him here on healthtapcom impressed with his tmj expertise'  u'i have known dr gallia to be extremely knowledgable as an oral surgeon and have been very pleased with the way he has teated my patients  i have no hesitation in recommending him'  u'dr gallia is an expert in his field and i highly recommend searching him out for answers relating to ent  maxillofacial  tmj  and other related areas of interest!'  u'not your basic or all surgeon  best of the best! very experience oral surgeon many additional specialties definitely in good hands and highly recommended!']
1608,[u'i really really thankful dr hashmat rajput for ur satisfied answerit is so helpful for me i was so confused thank u so much god bless u'  u'dr rajput is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr rajput is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'thank you dr rajput']
1609,[u'thank you so much for your input benefiting not just the patients but other health care providers!  i appreciate you!'  u'i recommend dr galli for your facial plastic surgery issues'  u'a fantastic physician who really cares for her patients'  u'great doc!!!']
1610,[u'dr debell is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'my penis hurts call video']
1611,[u'dr ali is extremely knowledgeable  his answers always provide a wealth of resources and accurate information his expertise in medicine and psychiatry together with his compassionate clinical excellence  give the best standard of ethics and care to health tap i highly recommend dr ali'  udr ali is always ready to jump in and help patients on healthtap! he's highly knowledgeable and shares his expertise generously i imagine his own patients consider him kind and approachable  and that they feel lucky to have him in their corner  udr ali is easily one of the most ubiquitous presences on healthtap -- sharing his huge breadth of knowledge  wisdom  and wit  i've learned a great deal from him  and am grateful for his presence here  thanks  dr ali!  u'i always see dr ali online giving expert advice on fear of heights  bipolar disorder  panic attacks  borderline personality disorder  adderall he also reviews apps and is a major contributer to the health tap community'  u'i recommend dr ali for his dedication to healthtap  his clinical judgment  his fund of knowledge and his empathic interaction with those asking questions he is an excellent clinician who responses can be trusted'  u'dr ali gives superb advice in so many different areas apart from his excellent answers to just about all branches of psychiatry i have personally learned much from and am very thankful to him']
1612,[u'dr schaner is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr schaner is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1613,nan
1614,[u'dr wachsman is an excellent  caring internist  his background in pharmacology and research make him an ideal consultant for difficult cases'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'insightful responses that addresses patients concerns clearly great doc!'  u'great answer!']
1615,[u'highly recommend dr mehranpour - great training  very intelligent and caring'  u'great responses very accurate comes highly recommended'  u'a great doc with fantastic answers'  u'a welcome addition to healthtap'  u'timely and accurate answers']
1616,[u'great answers  thank you!']
1617,[u'i find dr machanic to be a distinguished  caring  compassionate  and dedicated neurologist specializing in such difficult  complex cases i feel lucky to know him thru the healthtap network  as he has helped so many patients i am glad to meet him  and hope to continue our professional dialogue together  and learn from his vast knowledge base excellent advice given!'  u'dr machanic is a phenomenal asset to healthtap his recommendations are spot-on and his years of experience certainly shines through i even find myself learning from his knowledge in the field of neurology thanks for your contribution!'  u'dr machanic represents one of the most accomplished professionals in our network at healthtapcom his answers are extremely valuable for users and professionals equally  and his opinion is regarded with admiration to his excellence'  u'i have the pleasure of knowing dr machanic professionally and personally he is a caring physician  a wellspring of knowledge  and a funny guy! he provides valuable wisdom  information and perspective in the neurology community'  u'dr bennett machanic is a highly trained and expert neurologist who gives very good expert clinical opinions i highly recommend dr machanic to anyone who is seeking a consultation with a neurologist thank you dr machanic'  u'dr machanic provided a thoughtful response to a curbside consult on cidp  his willingness to help out with a clinical question is very much appreciated thank you  dr machanic!']
1618,[udr foster is warm witty and wonderful!  combined with brains and looks  what more could we ask of anybody?  her answers are sound medically and often inspiring plus she's truly generous in her support of all  including peers  healthtap is lucky to have her  thank goodness! (i confess to a wee bit of envy  sigh!)  udr foster provides excellent advice in a wonderful manner i'm very happy to have an opportunity to learn from her replies and know she is helping so many patients what an asset!  u'dr foster provides compassionate  comprehensive and excellent advice to patients she is a great colleague and truly cares about her clients!'  udr foster's answers to patient questions are always respectful  succinct and on point read her answers for solid clinical advice!  udr foster's expertise & her thoughtful attention to answers not only help ht patients  but also teach us  her ht colleagues  u'she is the backbone of ht with her compassion  insight and expertise her commitment to the site is exemplary']
1619,[u'fantastic dentist with great answers! really an asset to healthtap!'  u'obviously caring and knowledgeable! best combination there is!'  u'very accurate and useful responses'  u'great doc!!']
1620,[u'i am grateful to drgrin for educating not only myself  but all of us here at healthtap about pain management  and  moreover  i am grateful to him for his openness to the effects of psychotherapy i have encountered many pain practitioners who devalue therapy as being unneeded  and that medication solves everything no so for dr grin  and i am relieved he is more forward thinking & collaborative!'  u'what a great guy  excellent physician  wonderful colleague and all around genius in the area of pain as well in a surprising range of other areas  i learn from him every day and have recommended that my own daughter read his information to help sort out her tmj  he does not hesitate to tackle any question and returns clear explanations of the most complex issues seasoned with true compassion'  u'dr grin is a wonderful colleague and physician he is knowledgeable in multiple areas not only in the scope of pain management his genuine compassion is evident not only in the way he cares for patients  but for the community of physicians here on healthtap as well we are all lucky to have him share his wisdom with us!'  u'i am endorsing dr grin he is providing an excellent service to the public on healthtap the medical information  dr grin provides is accurate & understandable dr grin is clearly very knowledgeable about pain management and medicine in general'  uhave been reading dr grin's responses and have been impressed with his lucid explanations of issues that are difficult to explain to non-medical personnel he is thorough  concise  and provides excellent advice  u'i highly endorse dr paul grin as a healthtap and healthtap prime as an expert his commentaries and clinical insights are astute and educational to both patients and physicians he is an asset to our community']
1621,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
1622,[udr lewis' sharp vision/analysis  to-the-point statements  openhearted passion  and broad clear knowledge make him capable to deliver a timely attention to personal concern in urology field so  i recommend him without reservation go to him; he will and can help  uthis physician's responses are accurate  well phrased and easily understood by the patients requesting advice he is knowledgeable  succinct and inordinately helpful would highly recommend him]
1623,[u'very helpful!']
1624,[u'i highly recommend drablon she gives very knowldgeable answers both her virtual and real life patients are fortunate'  uone of the most caring and dedicated physicians i've had the privlege of knowing  u'excellent clinical acumen  and very helpful with consults  5 thumbs up ']
1625,[u'dr joshi is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr joshi is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1626,[u'recommended as  an excellent orthopedic surgeon']
1627,[u'dr ronald is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr ronald is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1628,[u'i have the privilege to endorse dr lehamn he provides an excellent patient carewith compassion'  u'knowledgeable podiatrist and great contributor to health tap highly recommend'  u'great answers! thank you!']
1629,[udrdavis comes to ht with unique medical training background and unique skills  and with that comes her unique answers and insights here on this forum she is a competent  dedicated  compassionate physician and it's truly a pleasure to recommend her  udr davis is a very knowledgeable  hardworking physician she provides helpful  practical responses to all kinds of questions in adult and pediatric medicine  i'm glad to have her as a healthtap colleague  and highly recommend her  u'dr davis has shown a level of caring and straight-forward communication that is rare in doctors today  she is a genuine individual with an obvious dedication to her patients  she has my highest recommendation !'  u'dr davis is very smart and give great advice  her background as a clinical pharmacist certainly enhances her understanding of complex medical conditions and treatments  she has my highest recommendation!'  u'dr davis is an extremely knowledgeable and caring physician and i continue to learn from reading her answers she is an asset to her patients and the healthtap community'  u'a concise answer  compassion and experience is what you will get when dr davis answers one of your questions  such a great value to the healthtap community!']
1630,[u'dr  cox has a wonderful skill set and vast clinical experience  she has obviously helped many and facilitated health and peace of mind for lots of families  not only that--she speaks french!  tres bian!'  u'dr katharine s cox is an excellent physician very knowledgeable passionate and on the top of her field she is a great value to the peolpe of tn and to the family of health tap'  u'highly experienced and respected expert in pediatrics and pediatric emergency medicine great answers to questions highly recommend'  u'superb physician  simple and yet very informative answers to patient questions  answers tend to be calming and reassuring'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'dr cox offers succinct  actionable and compassionate advice']
1631,[u'great doc!!']
1632,[u'i really enjoy reading the information dr bonuel provides  he has a holistic approach and clearly is capable of thinking outside the box in a way that really benefits patients  he is providing an excellent service to the public via healthtap  i recommend dr bonuel'  u'dr bonuel provides concise answers  and links for patients to learn more about their issues  and is an excellent doctor appreciate him being part of the health tap team of outstanding doctors'  u'i fully recommend dr bonuel to anyone needing his help as he seems to care deeply about his field of internal medicine great physician and colleague and asset to the community at healthtap!'  u'dr bonuel is a caring  knowledgeable physician who shares his time on healthtap generously  he answers questions with the whole person in mind  i recommend dr bonuel'  udr bonuel's posts are always thought provoking  one can truly see the commitment and passion to medicine  keep the great answers coming  u'thank you for caring and helping the health tap community of patients and doctors!  keep up the great job!']
1633,[u'great responses recommend highly']
1634,[u'dr moore is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr moore is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1635,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'solid answers!']
1636,[u'dr brett halper and his entire staff are very knowledgeable and professional  i left my original dr because he would make me wait over a hour every single time and i had a scheduled appointment   dr halper values your time as much as his own !!  i highly recommend this office and all the doctors associated with halper family medicine'  u'dr halper is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr halper is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1637,[u'dr andrews provides an excellent public service on healthap  he gives the best radiology answers i have read by any contributors he is knowledgable about many areas of medicine i recommend dr andrews'  u'excellent advice for patients']
1638,[u'great consultation']
1639,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
1640,[u'dr qazi is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr qazi is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1641,[u'great answers! ethical  meets patients where they are and collaborates well with colleagues we are lucky to have her here at healthtap!'  u'helpful  kind  and knowledgeable specialist in internal medicine highly recommend'  u'thank you!  great answers']
1642,[u'dr copeland is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr copeland is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1643,[u'dr hatem provides very helpful answers to patients -- and educates me too!  i appreciate his presence here on healthtap  and heartily recommend him'  u'i recommend you as a well know expert in your field\r\ndr jakavick would recommend this dr to all who seek their expertise'  u'i enjoy learning from this doctor and i am sure that patient do too'  u'good answers  provide helpful feedback']
1644,[u'i recommend you as a well know expert in your field\r\ndr jakavick would recommend this dr to all who seek their expertise'  u'professional  knowledgeable  served our veterans very well in his career'  u'dr wright ia an asset to health tap   a renowned   thoracic surgeon  '  u'experienced and knowledgeable  generously shares both on healthtap'  u'provides precise and comprehensive answers to difficult questions'  u'a truly  wonderful and compassionate doctor']
1645,[u'dr byers is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr byers is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1646,[u'dr maklansky is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr maklansky is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1647,[u'very helpful and caring answers']
1648,[u'an  ob-gyn well- respected by patients  physicians and hospital staff']
1649,[u'i endorse this dentist i have had the privilege and pleasure of knowing dr sandler for close to 20 years my experiences of working with him have been always positive patient feedback is always exceptional and patients expectations have been met and exceeded he is a kind  caring and compassionate man who seeks perfection in his work dr sandler is constantly being educated with the newest knowledge and techniques in his field'  ui have followed dr sandler's comments to patients and practitioners alike for several months his answers to patients are caring  thorough  and obviously fully researched his advice to practioners is spot on--a trusted and erudite member of the dental community it is a privilege to include him in my network of health care providers and resources  u'dr sandler provides excellent advice to patients and peers his advice is consistent with a high standard of care his answers to questions on this site are well thought out and consistent with the kind of care i expect in a true dental professional it is my pleasure to endorse him'  u'dr sandler is that one of a kind of professional that unfortunately is sometimes hard to find  his expertise and professionalism is outstanding and seems to only follow his heart and compassion for patients  i am proud to have met dr sandler and i can not recommend him enough'  ui have been impressed by dr sandler's professionalism  he responds with care and passion and often goes beyond the call of duty in providing useful information in his answers  i consider his patients to be lucky to have him as their dentist i endorse him without reservations  ui know dr sandler from the avvo community and i have experienced his commitment to his patients and dentistry it's rare to find someone who makes an active effort to improve the field and it is from this that i am confident that dr sandler will not disappoint]
1650,[u'dr dietrich is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr dietrich is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'is confident']
1651,[u'dr jones is making an excellent contribution to the public through the information he provides on healthtap  his responses are clear  understandable and they make sense i endorse dr jones'  u'dr jones is an extremely knowledgeable and caring physician that is an asset to healthtap and to his patients!'  u'thank you for your input and excellent advice for our health tap patients congratulations'  u'provides good answers and is a welcome addition to healthtap'  u'thanks for your valuable contributions'  u'excellent and valuable expertise']
1652,[u'fast  fantastic answers to often complex questions  truly an asset to the medical community a true national leader in ophthalmology'  u'virginia is lucky to have such a top doc!'  u'very accurate and useful responses'  u'great answers and comments'  u'good answers'  u'great doc !']
1653,[u'dr uyeda is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr uyeda is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr uyeda is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'i am grateful for this doctor this thanksgiving!'  u'i am grateful for this doctor this thanksgiving!'  u'give answeres in good way']
1654,[u'great doc!!']
1655,[u'highly trained and knowledgable with excellent judgement']
1656,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
1657,[u'i highly endorse dr jeffrey bassman as an expert on health tap and healthtap prime his comments and insights are educational for both patients and physicians he is an asset to the healthtap community'  u'dr bassman is an extremely knowledgeable and dedicated dentist excellent answers and advice'  u'very knowledgable  fantastic answers with quick responses\nexcellent  excellent doctor!'  u'excellent responses to questions and very supportive of patients strongly recommended'  u'i highly recommend dr bassman and thank you for your contributions to healthtap'  u'a very knowledgable and compassionate doctor always gives very sound advice']
1658,[u'dr ziboh is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr ziboh is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1659,[u'i am grateful to drgrin for educating not only myself  but all of us here at healthtap about pain management  and  moreover  i am grateful to him for his openness to the effects of psychotherapy i have encountered many pain practitioners who devalue therapy as being unneeded  and that medication solves everything no so for dr grin  and i am relieved he is more forward thinking & collaborative!'  u'what a great guy  excellent physician  wonderful colleague and all around genius in the area of pain as well in a surprising range of other areas  i learn from him every day and have recommended that my own daughter read his information to help sort out her tmj  he does not hesitate to tackle any question and returns clear explanations of the most complex issues seasoned with true compassion'  u'dr grin is a wonderful colleague and physician he is knowledgeable in multiple areas not only in the scope of pain management his genuine compassion is evident not only in the way he cares for patients  but for the community of physicians here on healthtap as well we are all lucky to have him share his wisdom with us!'  u'i am endorsing dr grin he is providing an excellent service to the public on healthtap the medical information  dr grin provides is accurate & understandable dr grin is clearly very knowledgeable about pain management and medicine in general'  uhave been reading dr grin's responses and have been impressed with his lucid explanations of issues that are difficult to explain to non-medical personnel he is thorough  concise  and provides excellent advice  u'i highly endorse dr paul grin as a healthtap and healthtap prime as an expert his commentaries and clinical insights are astute and educational to both patients and physicians he is an asset to our community']
1660,[u'excellent doctor  very knowledgeable with great advice   the doctor to follow on health tap'  u'i recommend dr ryan for his skills and knowledge!'  u'very timely and accurate responses'  u'great dds!!!']
1661,[u'dr gray is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr gray is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'helpful accurate and quick at answering questions']
1662,[u'dr achong has given great  practical  and caring answers to all the questions i have seen him answer  i would have no difficulty referring patients into his care'  u'dr achong is extremely knowledgeable  dedicated  informative and articulate with his spot on answers  his patients are lucky to have him as their doctor!'  ui am impressed with dr achong's depth of knowledge and commitment to dentistry i recommend dr achong to anyone in need of oral surgery services  u'dr achong is a cogent thinker who takes time to submit compehensive answers which is reflective of his desire for providing outstanding care'  u'informative  thoughtful answers dr achong has consistently provided excellent information for both patients and other practitioners'  u'i recommend you as a well know expert in your field\r\ndr jakavick would recommend this dr to all who seek their expertise']
1663,[u'dr kashif abdullah is an excellent physician  very knowledgeable passionate  and on the top of his field he is a great value to the people of his state  and to the family of health tap'  u'dr abdullah is an provides excellent advice and education to patients on healthtap he is a great addition to this community']
1664,[u'knowledgeable expert in internal medicine highly recommend']
1665,[u'dr lutzker is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1666,[uthis made me feel good thanks! i'm in a position at work where a toilet may not be readily available  so knowing that i should have a little time is great thank you very much dr bourgon!  u'thank you  your answer was very helpful!'  u'thank you  your answer was very helpful!'  uthis was very helpful thanks! thank you so much i don't need to worry about it  u'thank you  your answer was very helpful!'  u'thank you  your quick reply made me feel good!']
1667,[ui am always impressed with dr selter's answers on health tap he is very knowledgeable  with thorough and concise answers!  u'dr selter is very knowledgeable and caring  i highly recommend him'  u'thanks for your valuable contributions']
1668,[u'dr hector is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr hector is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1669,nan
1670,[u'dr mcclurg is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1671,[u'dr wilkin is an excellent foot and ankle surgeon']
1672,[u'dr butler is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'i am grateful for this doctor this thanksgiving!']
1673,[uexcellent answers and quick responses with very helpful and thoughtful information offered to patient's questions  u'top doctor']
1674,[u'i recommend this doctor  very insightful and i learn something new from these answers']
1675,[u'dr brown is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr brown is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1676,[u'dr kalman is an orthopedic surgeon as well as sports medicine specialist  his patient-centered orthopedic approach is beneficial to the athlete patient - healing and restoring function  he has my recommendation!']
1677,[u'dr miller is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr miller is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1678,[u'dr stephen rothstein is the only ent surgeon you need to know in nyc he gives unbiased advice  let people participate actively in all decisions related to their health and health care  assesses each situation carefully  and help whatever the situation he promotes healths as well as treats disease great asset to health tap'  u'very knowledgable and compassionate doctor who gives practical advice i love following dr rothstein and enjoy reading his answers  always learn something new while reading the answers highly recommended ent doctor'  u'steve is a great guy  well trained  well-mannered  and well-liked by me  for one  as well as the other insightful  docs on healthtap  who recognize excellence when they see it!'  u'dr rothstein  shares his expert knowledge and caring manner with us here on health tap  and i highly recommend him so glad he is on our team'  u'knowledgeable and kind specialist in ent i trust his answers highly recommend'  u'great answers thank you for all your help']
1679,[u'i have been impressed with dr minich pointed answers with knowledge  depth  wit  and kindness so  i highly recommend her to anyone looking for care / service from her specialty without reservation \r\n\r\n(james) chin-ti lin  md'  u'dr minich is a dedicated doctor  who has been actively answering complex medical questions with compassion  and insight she provides practical and solutions  and recommendations for patients great healthteam expert'  u'i highly endorse dr diane mimich as an expert in her field and as an asset to the healthtap community of experts she is knowledgeable  insightful and empathetic i think that she is an asset  to our physician panel'  u'i have learned a great deal from dr minich here on healthtap and have learned a great deal from her thoughtful  expert  and helpful answers to her patients i look forward to learning more from her!'  u'i recommend dr minich she is providing a valuable service to the public via healthtap she provides sensible  accurate and respectful input i endorse dr minich'  u'dr minich is an extremely knowledgeable physician who obviously care greatly for her patients and their health she is a terrific asset to the healthtap community!']
1680,[u'thank you so much for your input benefiting not just the patients but other health care providers!  i appreciate you!'  u'i recommend dr galli for your facial plastic surgery issues'  u'a fantastic physician who really cares for her patients'  u'great doc!!!']
1681,[u'dr lowe is a well-trained  caring  and thoughtful expert in his field i recommend him highly'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
1682,[u'dr husar is an expert neurologist  who understands medicine  and  neurology and contributes insightful  pertinent answers to complex questions he is always providing clear  concise well-rounded information  and is a great healthtap physician'  u'dr husar has a vast array of medical knowledge - not just in neurology but across the board he is providing an outstanding service to the public via healthtap i endorse dr husar !'  u'i fully recommend dr husar to anyone needing his help as he seems to care deeply about his field of neurology great physician and colleague and asset to the community at healthtap!'  udr walter husar is both an expert neurologist and an professor of medicine  his answers are clear and concise  it's a pleasure to have him as an electronic colleague  u'dr husar is a very knowledgeable  and caring physician who gives clear  concise  and helpful answers he is a real asset to health tap!'  u'dr husar has a vast fund of knowledge that allows for effectively contributing to this online community of health']
1683,[u'dr uddin is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr uddin is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'thank you  dr uddin you are very kind']
1684,[u'great answers with quick responses   very knowledgable   we need more doctors like dr williams'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
1685,[u'dr celestin is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr celestin is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1686,[u'dr lu is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr lu is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1687,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'thanks for your valuable contributions']
1688,[u'dr smith is really knows his field and provides clear and caring answers a great and trustworthy resource!'  u'experienced  respected specialist in ent and head and neck surgery highly recommend'  u'very accurate and timely responses'  u'great doc!']
1689,[u'dr king is leader in the field of phlebology   and has contributed significant original research to forward our understanding of the field dr king is knowledgeable   caring dedicated good humored and much more dr king embodies the best attributes of a physician and surgeon'  u'dr king stands amongst the best in the field of phlebology he is a compassionate  trustworthy  dedicated and competent physician'  ualways excellent trustworthy and well written meaningful answers to patient's questions an wonderful physician asset on this site  u'dr king is a most professional   knowledgable and caring physician who deserves great respect\ndr marsha davis'  u'dr king is a well-respected authority on the treatment of chronic venous disease'  u'intelligent  respected expert in phlebology and other areas\r\nhighly recommend']
1690,[u'being trained  licensed  & board certified both medically (both otolaryngology and facial plastic & reconstructive surgery) and dentally (oral & maxillofacial surgery) drgallia is in possession of an incredibly impressive breadth of training  knowledge  and experience in his field  his answers to questions are clear  precise  & very helpful &it is my pleasure to recommend him very highly indeed'  u'although i live far from dr lou  i have had the chance to see his recommendations  his accolades and his patient satisfaction i highly recommend dr lou for his experience  recognition nationally and his devotion to his community of patients'  u'great doctor he gets right to the point  addresses the issue in a straightforward manner and tells you who to follow up with what more could you want glad to have him here on healthtapcom impressed with his tmj expertise'  u'i have known dr gallia to be extremely knowledgable as an oral surgeon and have been very pleased with the way he has teated my patients  i have no hesitation in recommending him'  u'dr gallia is an expert in his field and i highly recommend searching him out for answers relating to ent  maxillofacial  tmj  and other related areas of interest!'  u'not your basic or all surgeon  best of the best! very experience oral surgeon many additional specialties definitely in good hands and highly recommended!']
1691,[u'dr alvarez is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1692,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
1693,[u'dr gabor  has an outstanding knowledge base of both diagnostic radiology and of medicine in general (across the board)  he is providing a valuable service to the public via healthtap i endorse dr gabor'  u'dr michael gabor is an excellent physician  very knowledgeable passionate  and on the top of his field he is a great value to the people of ny  and to the family of health tap'  u'dr gabor is a very knowledgeable and compassionate doctor always enjoy reading his insightful answers highly recommended'  u'understandable answers  educates us all both patients and doctors alike  generous and collaborative recommended to all!'  u'dr gabor has been an excellent consultant and is a great asset to thr healthtap prime physician community'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
1694,[u'i am grateful to drgrin for educating not only myself  but all of us here at healthtap about pain management  and  moreover  i am grateful to him for his openness to the effects of psychotherapy i have encountered many pain practitioners who devalue therapy as being unneeded  and that medication solves everything no so for dr grin  and i am relieved he is more forward thinking & collaborative!'  u'what a great guy  excellent physician  wonderful colleague and all around genius in the area of pain as well in a surprising range of other areas  i learn from him every day and have recommended that my own daughter read his information to help sort out her tmj  he does not hesitate to tackle any question and returns clear explanations of the most complex issues seasoned with true compassion'  u'dr grin is a wonderful colleague and physician he is knowledgeable in multiple areas not only in the scope of pain management his genuine compassion is evident not only in the way he cares for patients  but for the community of physicians here on healthtap as well we are all lucky to have him share his wisdom with us!'  u'i am endorsing dr grin he is providing an excellent service to the public on healthtap the medical information  dr grin provides is accurate & understandable dr grin is clearly very knowledgeable about pain management and medicine in general'  uhave been reading dr grin's responses and have been impressed with his lucid explanations of issues that are difficult to explain to non-medical personnel he is thorough  concise  and provides excellent advice  u'i highly endorse dr paul grin as a healthtap and healthtap prime as an expert his commentaries and clinical insights are astute and educational to both patients and physicians he is an asset to our community']
1695,[u'dr lyubich is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr lyubich is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1696,[u'dr jacobson  an experienced eminence in the field; a pleasure (and a lot of fun when adding stories  opinions) to read his answers and comments very wise and human  he directs a succesful and organized practice; leads a fruitful life and posses a fascinating history'  u'dr jacobson is a physician whose love for his profession and people stands out in his interactions giving a caring feeling that is invaluable  the knowledge he is able to extend while remaining so compassionate it is admirable!'  u'an obviously caring practitioner with a very diverse and extensive array of clinical knowledge that he is willing to share it on health tap is a credit to him as a doctor highly recommend him'  u'i fully recommend dr jacobson to anyone needing his help as he seems to care deeply about his field of medicine great physician and colleague and asset to the community at healthtap!'  u'dr jaconson has consistently shown thoughtful and useful advise to patients in his interactions he is an expert in his field i highly recommend him for your health care needs !'  u'dr jacobson is providing an excellent service to the public on healthtap he is clearly knowledgeable about psychiatry & medicine in general i recommend dr jacobson']
1697,[u'dr dykstra is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr dykstra is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1698,[u'dr freitag is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr freitag is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1699,[u'excellent and timely answers that are very helpful  and offer accurate information for many patients'  u'dr borncamp enjoys helping his patients and always excited answering questions'  u'concise answers that are timely  and in a patient friendly language'  u'very timely and accurate responses']
1700,[u'dr sheppard is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr sheppard is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1701,[u'very thoughtful extremely knowledgeable a great doctor a great human being it is my pleasure to be able to write this recommendation'  u'dr rafat provides excellent information on podiatry to the public via healthtap'  u'dr raft enjoys his practice and wants to share his knowledge-dave'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
1702,[u'dr goodrich is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr goodrich is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'i am grateful for this doctor this thanksgiving!']
1703,[u'dr malek is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr malek is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr malek is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1704,[u'dr neish is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr neish is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'excellent capability to depict problem']
1705,[ui endorse this doctor he provides outstanding information to the public on avvocom  accurate  compassionate and in layman's terms  u'excellent answers and very timely  great doctor to follow    ron (oral surgeon  orlando)'  u'i endorse this doctor']
1706,[u'dr xanthopoulos is a superb pediatrician  much loved by his patients & their families  also held in great respect by his peers']
1707,[uas a family doctor i see a lot of tmj  i have already learned a lot from reading dr bates' answers to questions about treating tmj  he has my recommendation!  u'i commend dr bates for his consistently excellent  thorough  articulate  and to the point advice']
1708,[u'i really enjoy reading the information dr bonuel provides  he has a holistic approach and clearly is capable of thinking outside the box in a way that really benefits patients  he is providing an excellent service to the public via healthtap  i recommend dr bonuel'  u'dr bonuel provides concise answers  and links for patients to learn more about their issues  and is an excellent doctor appreciate him being part of the health tap team of outstanding doctors'  u'i fully recommend dr bonuel to anyone needing his help as he seems to care deeply about his field of internal medicine great physician and colleague and asset to the community at healthtap!'  u'dr bonuel is a caring  knowledgeable physician who shares his time on healthtap generously  he answers questions with the whole person in mind  i recommend dr bonuel'  udr bonuel's posts are always thought provoking  one can truly see the commitment and passion to medicine  keep the great answers coming  u'thank you for caring and helping the health tap community of patients and doctors!  keep up the great job!']
1709,[u'i am grateful to drgrin for educating not only myself  but all of us here at healthtap about pain management  and  moreover  i am grateful to him for his openness to the effects of psychotherapy i have encountered many pain practitioners who devalue therapy as being unneeded  and that medication solves everything no so for dr grin  and i am relieved he is more forward thinking & collaborative!'  u'what a great guy  excellent physician  wonderful colleague and all around genius in the area of pain as well in a surprising range of other areas  i learn from him every day and have recommended that my own daughter read his information to help sort out her tmj  he does not hesitate to tackle any question and returns clear explanations of the most complex issues seasoned with true compassion'  u'dr grin is a wonderful colleague and physician he is knowledgeable in multiple areas not only in the scope of pain management his genuine compassion is evident not only in the way he cares for patients  but for the community of physicians here on healthtap as well we are all lucky to have him share his wisdom with us!'  u'i am endorsing dr grin he is providing an excellent service to the public on healthtap the medical information  dr grin provides is accurate & understandable dr grin is clearly very knowledgeable about pain management and medicine in general'  uhave been reading dr grin's responses and have been impressed with his lucid explanations of issues that are difficult to explain to non-medical personnel he is thorough  concise  and provides excellent advice  u'i highly endorse dr paul grin as a healthtap and healthtap prime as an expert his commentaries and clinical insights are astute and educational to both patients and physicians he is an asset to our community']
1710,[uafter reading some of dr engrav's thoughtful and informative responses to questions i must compliment her both on her knowledge and empathy for patients  she sounds like a terrific physician]
1711,[u'highly recommend']
1712,[u'dr ricotta is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr ricotta is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'i am grateful for this doctor this thanksgiving!']
1713,[u'great and caring doctor  up to date with skills'  u'i recommend this physician']
1714,nan
1715,[u'dr john berryman is an excellent physician very knowledgeable passionate and on the top of his field he is a great value to the peolpe of  ca and to the family of health tap']
1716,[u'dr kass has consistently shown thoughtful and useful advise to patients in his interactions he is an expert in his field i highly recommend him for your health care needs !'  u'i asked him a question as a colleague and he was prompt to reply with advise  it shows he is committed and really cares'  u'i recommend this doctor  very insightful and i learn something new from these answers'  u'excellent doctor with diagnosis  treatment  surgery with excellent bedside manor'  u'dr kass provides excellent information on podiatry to the public via healthtap'  u'intelligent  accurate  kind answers\r\nhighly recommend']
1717,[u'i endorse this dentist dr funari is one of the best qualified and skillful oral surgeons with whom i have worked i highly recommend him for all aspects of oral surgery'  ui endorse this dentist dr funari is a knowledgable guy  i've worked on an advisory board with him and know several patients who have had positive experiences with him  udr funari is an extremely dedicated and knowledgeable dentist with his patient's best interests at heart  i highly recommend and endorse dr funari  u'i endorse this dentist  dr funari practices to the highest standard  i send patients to him knowing that the care they get will be amazing'  u'i endorse this dentist  quality and honesty are what comes to mind when i think of dr funari  \nmichael i wollock  dmd  agd fellow'  u'i endorse this dentist we have worked on several cases together with excellent results']
1718,[u'dr rubenstein is a highly knowledgeable and compassionate doctor enjoy reading his answers recommended'  u'a very dedicated dentist with years of knowledge and experience'  u'great dentist']
1719,[ui commend dr thaler for his consistently informative  to the point and articulate answers  it's obvious that he practices quality dentistry and cares about the well being of his patients  u'dr thaler among the best prosthodontists i know  i wish he was closer to the area where i practice  i trust dr thaler to get optimum results even with difficult cases'  u'i endorse this dentist dr thaler was an instructor of mine at temple dental school that i often saught out for help and guidance'  u'i endorse this dentist   dr thaler is a very skilled and knowledgeable practicioner  dr john whytosek'  u'i endorse this dentist'  u'i endorse this dentist']
1720,[u'dr smikle is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr smikle is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1721,[u'an amazingly talented obgyn specializing in pelvic floor and incontinence procedures']
1722,[u'dr reddy is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1723,[u'excellent doctor\r\nhighly recommend']
1724,[u'very thoughtful extremely knowledgeable a great doctor a great human being it is my pleasure to be able to write this recommendation'  u'dr rafat provides excellent information on podiatry to the public via healthtap'  u'dr raft enjoys his practice and wants to share his knowledge-dave'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
1725,[u'answers question very thoroughly and demonstrates an extensive knowledge of his field  also is generous with health tips and demonstrates a genuine understanding of his patients issues'  u'dr   zahid niazi is an excellent physician  very knowledgeable passionate  and on the top of his field he is a great value to the people of ca   and to the family of health tap'  uthank you dr niazi i appreciate your caring informative answers they benefit more than just those who ask they help me learn things i didn't know a free education-thanks !  u'extremely knowledgeable  known for deft hands in plastic/reconstructive  surgery recommended for anyone who seeks his expertise'  u'he provides excellent and informative answers and is known for his excellent teaching abilities\r\nkeep it up behta!!'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
1726,[u'dr kager is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr kager is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1727,[u'dr mahajan is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr mahajan is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'very helpful information'  u'good']
1728,[u'dr wiener is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr wiener is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1729,[ui came to dr pelton on the recommendation of dr puckett \n\ni was treated very well from the very first minute i walked in everyone was very positive and friendly\n\ni really appreciated the way all the staff members worked together as a team it was obviously an office they all enjoyed working in thanks for a great experience and a good dr visit \n\nwhen it came time to pay my bill i was amazed at how quickly that was taken care of and i had been well prepared from my initial phone call for an appointment what my responsibility would be  \n\nthanks for the great experience i walked out of this office feeling very positive and ready to tell others that might need dr pelton's help i will definitely come back if another problem he can help me with comes along  unot only would i recommend dr pelton but i already have more than three times his office staff have answered all my questions with care to insurance and procedures and time lines to perfection dr pelton has answered all my concerns and was very direct to each question  i never felt rushed or that i wasn't the most important patient he had\nhis work is flawless and i have had many complements  u'dr pelton is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1730,[u'dr buckman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr buckman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1731,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'highly recommend']
1732,[u'great doc!!']
1733,[u'i recommend this doctor  very insightful and i learn something new from these answers'  u'a top doctor we are lucky to have dr eleczcko contribute to healthtap'  u'knowledgeable  caring  answers well founded in scientific fact'  u'excellent dentist  very informative and helpful answers'  u'a very knowledgeable  dedicated and caring dentist'  u'thanks for your valuable contributions']
1734,[u'great doc!!']
1735,[u'always has excellent thorough answers and advice based upon knowledge  experience and common sense'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
1736,[u'dr wosnitzer is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr wosnitzer is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1737,[u'dr gabor  has an outstanding knowledge base of both diagnostic radiology and of medicine in general (across the board)  he is providing a valuable service to the public via healthtap i endorse dr gabor'  u'dr michael gabor is an excellent physician  very knowledgeable passionate  and on the top of his field he is a great value to the people of ny  and to the family of health tap'  u'dr gabor is a very knowledgeable and compassionate doctor always enjoy reading his insightful answers highly recommended'  u'understandable answers  educates us all both patients and doctors alike  generous and collaborative recommended to all!'  u'dr gabor has been an excellent consultant and is a great asset to thr healthtap prime physician community'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
1738,[u'when in rome  do as the romans do; and when in pain  do as the  georgians do  see dr rosenfeld his expertise in diagnosis and treatment of acute and chronic pain conditions such as neck and back pain should be sought after'  u'i strongly recommend dr rosenfeld for with out reservation based on my knowledge of him in this forum'  u'i recommend this doctor  very insightful and i learn something new from these answers'  u'excellent doctor---i wish he was closer to my patients  i enjoy learning from him'  u'partner at a premier pain group in atlanta  he takes good care of my patients'  u'a fantastic physician with caring answers!']
1739,[u'quick response and just the answer i was looking for  very helpful!'  u'dr oh is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr oh is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'quick - professional - precise'  u'great doctor with gread advice'  u'straight to the point']
1740,[uhi doc:\r\ngood advice!!\r\ni've added your to my network and recommended you\r\ni would appreciate a return of the favor\r\ni'm on omfs in sacramento  ca\r\nthanks\r\nlouis gallia md  dmd  facs  u'very helpful and responsive  i recommend highly'  u'nice job!  continued caring and informative']
1741,[u'dr carollo is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr carollo is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1742,[u'when in rome  do as the romans do; and when in pain  do as the  georgians do  see dr rosenfeld his expertise in diagnosis and treatment of acute and chronic pain conditions such as neck and back pain should be sought after'  u'i strongly recommend dr rosenfeld for with out reservation based on my knowledge of him in this forum'  u'i recommend this doctor  very insightful and i learn something new from these answers'  u'excellent doctor---i wish he was closer to my patients  i enjoy learning from him'  u'partner at a premier pain group in atlanta  he takes good care of my patients'  u'a fantastic physician with caring answers!']
1743,[uimpressed by answers which convey an expanded perspective regarding complex clinical issues  providing doctor education  and patient understanding  these approaches reify the value of dr jaren's contributions to healthtap  udr jaren gives intelligent  thoughtful and easy to understand answers  he's a great resource  especially for neurologic questions  u'based upon the materials presented  dr jaren has reputable training and experience'  u'very knowledgeable physician with great resources  recommend without reservation!'  u'dr jaren is a great physician and educator thanks for all you do on healthtap'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
1744,[u'this excellent physician is a colleague i greatly respect and trust!'  u'excellent doctor  always gives informative posts']
1745,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'i recommend dr veres!  his answers are very thorough'  u'an outstanding physician who is caring and trustworthy'  u'a top doctor']
1746,[u'i am constantly impressed by the outstanding informative  to the point  common sense  articulate answers given by dr van der werff  his expertise is evident and his patients are truly lucky to have him as their dentist'  u'great answers! i love this dentist i learn from him\r\nsmart  caring  to-the-point answers a great contributor to health tap\r\nhighly recommend'  u'great  thoughtful answers very knowledgeable a pleasure to have in my network'  u'very thorough and precise recommend highly'  u'great doctor!!']
1747,[u'dr mody is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr mody is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1748,[ui would like to add my highest regards & recommendations to dr gowans  she is a thoroughly knowledgeable specialist  has a caring personality (as evidenced by her answers to several questions of emotional qualities)  & takes time to read other colleagues' responses to questions in different medical specialties this is what dedication as a doctor is all about  u'dr gowans communicates medical information with pin point precision while including comprehensive detail'  u'impressively smart specialist in pediatrics i value and trust her answers highly recommend']
1749,[u'great responses recommend highly']
1750,[ui am grateful for dr fairchild's presence here she collaborates well with colleagues and has excellent bedside manner we learn much from her here on healthtap  both patients and doctors alike!  u'it\'s great finding another doc testing everyone for mthfr since it appears that many docs have never even heard of it  let alone know how to treat  great to find a partner in cure :)'  u'dr fairchild is an extremely knowledgeable  generous  and helpful physician whose answers are concise and on target  she had taught me a great deal  and i highly recommend her'  u'i learn a lot about integrative medicine through dr fairchild  the information she provides is accurate & understandable i recommend dr fairchild'  u'dr fairchild is a great integrative medicine physician her plans are clear and her knowledge vast'  u'a nurturing  knowledgeable and caring integrative medicine physician']
1751,[u'dr liao is clearly very knowledgeable in ophthalmology she is providing a valuable service to the public via healthtap i endorse dr liao'  u'dedicated ophthalmologist\r\ngreat answers very intelligent\r\nhighly recommend'  u'wonderfully sensitive dr; her expertise  wisdom and accuracy are outstanding !'  u'very good and timely responses']
1752,[uhe's quick to respond with great informative answer's that make good  clear sense  u'dr giannotta is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr giannotta is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1753,[u'dr hegab is a prince among men (and docs)!  he is smart  kind  and supportive to one and all  i value all he says  and i am also touched  as well as grateful   for his kindness to both patients and peers'  u'i find dr al hegab answers elegant and accurate  i am grateful to him for his input in caring for the general public in this setting he is performing a great service'  u'dr hegab offers very valuable information in her clear and concise answers i strongly value his advice and presence on healthtap'  u'easy to understand answers  accessible  approachable and expert collaborates well with colleagues and a blessing for healthtap!'  u'i appreciate his professionalism and his positive attitude he goes beyond just doing what is expected of him'  u'excellent allergist  i would recommend him to my friends and patients alike']
1754,[u'dr rosenfeld is a highly professional  kind  caring  and knowledgeable physician and surgeon i recommend him to anyone seeking quality care and advice']
1755,[u'dr fitz is a very knowledgeable and compassionate doctor who gives practical and sensible advice i enjoy reading his answers highly recommended ']
1756,[udrdavis comes to ht with unique medical training background and unique skills  and with that comes her unique answers and insights here on this forum she is a competent  dedicated  compassionate physician and it's truly a pleasure to recommend her  udr davis is a very knowledgeable  hardworking physician she provides helpful  practical responses to all kinds of questions in adult and pediatric medicine  i'm glad to have her as a healthtap colleague  and highly recommend her  u'dr davis has shown a level of caring and straight-forward communication that is rare in doctors today  she is a genuine individual with an obvious dedication to her patients  she has my highest recommendation !'  u'dr davis is very smart and give great advice  her background as a clinical pharmacist certainly enhances her understanding of complex medical conditions and treatments  she has my highest recommendation!'  u'dr davis is an extremely knowledgeable and caring physician and i continue to learn from reading her answers she is an asset to her patients and the healthtap community'  u'a concise answer  compassion and experience is what you will get when dr davis answers one of your questions  such a great value to the healthtap community!']
1757,[u'i endorse this doctor he is a highly knowledgeable  well informed  compassionate physician and talented surgeon with a great sense of humor who puts his patients at ease and is dedicated to providing outstanding care'  u'prompt   entertaining  yet thorough and accurate responses  an excellent source for patients and doctors on this site i recommend dr rosen without reservation'  u'dr rosen is a significant asset to healthtap  i always enjoy and learn from his comprehensive and easy-to-understand answers well done!'  udr rosen's posts are always thought provoking  one can truly see the commitment and passion to medicine  keep the great answers coming  u'i highly recommend dr rosen he is knowledgable  caring and good humored one of the finest surgeons nationwide'  u'i endorse this doctor excellent advice and information provided to patients on avvocom']
1758,[u'dr goodman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr goodman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1759,[u'excellent healthtap physician with educated  thoughtful  precise and in-depth answers  great bedside manner  highly recommend'  u'dr lawson is a very knowledgeable and compassionate doctor always enjoy reading her insightful answers highly recommended'  u'very expert responses']
1760,[u'i felt so stupid when i asked this guy a semi-paranoical question and just got reminded of blood sugar levels it was more simple than i thought thanks a lot! made a difference'  u'dr rothman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr rothman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr rothman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr rothman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr rothman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1761,[u'i commend dr quon for his wealth of knowledge  and his consistently outstanding advice which is always to the point  comprehensive and articulate'  u'an excellent physician and resource for the people of mississippi'  u'thoughtful  insightful answers'  u'great oral surgeon!!']
1762,[u'i have been impressed with dr minich pointed answers with knowledge  depth  wit  and kindness so  i highly recommend her to anyone looking for care / service from her specialty without reservation \r\n\r\n(james) chin-ti lin  md'  u'dr minich is a dedicated doctor  who has been actively answering complex medical questions with compassion  and insight she provides practical and solutions  and recommendations for patients great healthteam expert'  u'i highly endorse dr diane mimich as an expert in her field and as an asset to the healthtap community of experts she is knowledgeable  insightful and empathetic i think that she is an asset  to our physician panel'  u'i have learned a great deal from dr minich here on healthtap and have learned a great deal from her thoughtful  expert  and helpful answers to her patients i look forward to learning more from her!'  u'i recommend dr minich she is providing a valuable service to the public via healthtap she provides sensible  accurate and respectful input i endorse dr minich'  u'dr minich is an extremely knowledgeable physician who obviously care greatly for her patients and their health she is a terrific asset to the healthtap community!']
1763,[u'dr thamman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr thamman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'thanks :)']
1764,[u'dr erskine is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower8'  u'dr erskine is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr erskine is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'he gives good information']
1765,[u'i highly recommend dr ho although she specializes in hematology and oncology - it is clear that her expertise extends well beyond that she provides accurate  informative and easy to understand information she is a real asset to healthtap'  u'compassionate  on-target answers from a very wise physician  dr ho is a wonderful part of the healthtap community  and provides excellent public service'  u'dr ho gives concise  pertinent information  and shares her vast knowledge and expertise over a wide variety of areas in medicine excellent work!'  u'dr ho has a vast fund of knowledge that allows for effectively contributing to this online community of health'  u'i recommend this doctor  very insightful and i learn something new from these answers'  udr liawaty ho consistently provides knowledgeable and caring answers she's great!]
1766,nan
1767,[u'dr bernstein is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr bernstein is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1768,[ui commend dr thaler for his consistently informative  to the point and articulate answers  it's obvious that he practices quality dentistry and cares about the well being of his patients  u'dr thaler among the best prosthodontists i know  i wish he was closer to the area where i practice  i trust dr thaler to get optimum results even with difficult cases'  u'i endorse this dentist dr thaler was an instructor of mine at temple dental school that i often saught out for help and guidance'  u'i endorse this dentist   dr thaler is a very skilled and knowledgeable practicioner  dr john whytosek'  u'i endorse this dentist'  u'i endorse this dentist']
1769,[u'very knowledgeable dentist with consistently thorough  to the point and articulate answers and advice!'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'excellent dentist highly recommend']
1770,[u'dr ko is a great addition to our healthtap family extremely knowledgeable in neurosurgery and medicine across the board- she is providing an invaluable service to the public via healthtap i endorse dr ko']
1771,[u'dr ettinger is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr ettinger is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1772,[u'dr moeser provides sensible  timely answers about complex topics  and is clearly a knowledgeable and caring physician'  u'dr moeser is a knowledgeable and dedicated physician'  u'excellent doctor who i enjoy learning from']
1773,[u'smart  practical advice you can trust!']
1774,[ui would like to add my highest regards & recommendations to dr gowans  she is a thoroughly knowledgeable specialist  has a caring personality (as evidenced by her answers to several questions of emotional qualities)  & takes time to read other colleagues' responses to questions in different medical specialties this is what dedication as a doctor is all about  u'dr gowans communicates medical information with pin point precision while including comprehensive detail'  u'impressively smart specialist in pediatrics i value and trust her answers highly recommend']
1775,[u'dr luca is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr luca is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1776,[u'excellent consultant great informations/advices  in regard to breast cancer surgery and everything around it'  udr hampton's responses to questions are helpful to the patients as well as her colleagues  uanswers patient's questions in a timely manner  very knowledgeable!  u'knowledegeable and caring answers'  u'excellent physician!']
1777,[u'thank so much for being a part of the health tap community for the benefit of both the patients and the doctors!'  u'an excellent retina surgeon']
1778,[ui am impressed with dr okamoto's vast knowledge of the various martial arts and the answers he gives multiple patients concerning the same  he also has a great fund of knowledge that sets family practitioners apart as they treat the entire spectrum of human disease  u'dr okamoto has a broad range of knowledge and is able to translate that into specific  helpful advice to patients highly recommended'  u'very accurate and timely responses'  u'great answers! thank you!']
1779,[u'always has excellent thorough answers and advice based upon knowledge  experience and common sense'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
1780,[u'dr mcgarry has some wonderfully succinct and accurate answers  i highly recommend her  dr don e millner'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
1781,[u'dr gabor  has an outstanding knowledge base of both diagnostic radiology and of medicine in general (across the board)  he is providing a valuable service to the public via healthtap i endorse dr gabor'  u'dr michael gabor is an excellent physician  very knowledgeable passionate  and on the top of his field he is a great value to the people of ny  and to the family of health tap'  u'dr gabor is a very knowledgeable and compassionate doctor always enjoy reading his insightful answers highly recommended'  u'understandable answers  educates us all both patients and doctors alike  generous and collaborative recommended to all!'  u'dr gabor has been an excellent consultant and is a great asset to thr healthtap prime physician community'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
1782,[u'dr collins presents sedate  concise  easy answers that reflect a caring  understanding personality suggesting a high-caliber doc with excellent bedside manner with full explanations  a pleasure to have in our network!'  u'dr collins provides high quality answers to patient questions her answers are thoughtful  to the point  and helpful i recommend her highly'  u'i would recommend doctor lydia collins for her knowledge and her expertise in the field of gynecology'  u'thoughtful  timely answers!  a great contributor to health tap'  u'excellent doctor and an asset to healthtap'  u'recommend for abnormal vaginal bleeding']
1783,[umost people spend more time shopping for a new car than they select a physician it's important to find a physician you trust and feel comfortable with drdr jeffrey j juchau  is the only one you and your family need to know he is a human being who cares about people i'm really learning a lot from him highly recommended  udr juchau is truly the kind of doc i would love to both work in a practice with and to have as my own physician he's really bright  well educated  dedicated  personable  genuine and caring we need more like dr juchau in this field!  u'helpful to patients with a comprehensive general knowledge need to patients where they are effectively and collaborates well with colleagues i recommend dr juchau to both patients and colleagues alike!'  udr juchau's responses are brief  to the point  always accurate and a pleasure to read recommend him highly any family would be privileged to have him as their doctor  u'i enjoy  and learn from reading information shared by dr juchau  he is providing an excellent service to the public via healthtap i recommend dr juchau'  u'dedicated  knowledgable and kind doctor highly recommended to whomever needs a new primary care doctor and also an honor to know him on healthtap']
1784,[u'being trained  licensed  & board certified both medically (both otolaryngology and facial plastic & reconstructive surgery) and dentally (oral & maxillofacial surgery) drgallia is in possession of an incredibly impressive breadth of training  knowledge  and experience in his field  his answers to questions are clear  precise  & very helpful &it is my pleasure to recommend him very highly indeed'  u'although i live far from dr lou  i have had the chance to see his recommendations  his accolades and his patient satisfaction i highly recommend dr lou for his experience  recognition nationally and his devotion to his community of patients'  u'great doctor he gets right to the point  addresses the issue in a straightforward manner and tells you who to follow up with what more could you want glad to have him here on healthtapcom impressed with his tmj expertise'  u'i have known dr gallia to be extremely knowledgable as an oral surgeon and have been very pleased with the way he has teated my patients  i have no hesitation in recommending him'  u'dr gallia is an expert in his field and i highly recommend searching him out for answers relating to ent  maxillofacial  tmj  and other related areas of interest!'  u'not your basic or all surgeon  best of the best! very experience oral surgeon many additional specialties definitely in good hands and highly recommended!']
1785,[u'if you are looking for a johnson city  ny   internal medicine physician  call dr keshab paudel today  who is also a nice gentleman  you do not have to look any further highly recommended drpaul grin'  u'very timely and accurate responses']
1786,[u'dr stuchin is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1787,[u'great answers!'  u'great doc!!']
1788,[u'he is professional and respectful dr john is the man he is amazing i would highly recommend this doctor and have to anyone'  u'dr geisler is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr geisler is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1789,[u'he is an expert on chemical peel  laser skin resurfacing  laser resurfacing  tummy tuck i would go to him myself  next time i am in florida- i wonder if i get an aarp discount- ha ha'  u'your dedication and commitment to providing quality health consultation on healthtap is greatly admired and a true benefit to your patients'  u'dr thomas g fiala is very skillful plastic surgeon very knowledgeable passionate physician up to date in his field'  u'always gives informative and supportive answers---he is a great asset to healthtap'  u'great responses very accurate comes highly recommended'  u'reasonable  knowledge  right to the point!']
1790,nan
1791,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
1792,[uday after day  dr fowler answers scads of patient questions tirelessly while managing to handle each one with care and thoughtfulness she's earned the respect and admiration of many docs here as both a colleague and a leader - one who readily cheers us on and one who humanizes us all with the funny and folksy expressions that dot her answers (whoah nelly  indeed!)  hats off to dr fowler!  uwhen a physician has so many colleagues who admire her and her work  it should not be a surprise that she is an outstanding doctor but dr fowler has that something extra that almost seems magical she's a true humanitarian  and i consider it a blessing to have her be part of the healthtap community here's to you dr fowler  for all you are and do for patients and colleagues alike cheers!  ui've had the opportunity to interact with dr fowler for the last several months on the former avvo health website where she was the top doc bar none her answers to psychiatric questions are spot on and serve as an excellent source of information for non-psychiatrists this is complemented by her overall fund of general medical knowledge which she dispenses in a compassionate manner  uwow!  i decided to read the recommendations from other doctors before writing mine  five minutes later i still have not gotten to the bottom of the list  hard to add to all of this but i must say i love reading dr fowler's responses  concise  to the point and done with a sense of compassion and an endearing sense of humor  i highly recommend her and learn a lot from her  u'dr fowler is a conscientious contributor to the community  providing insightful opinions to people in need although many physicians are perhaps skeptical of the services this  and other medical information websites provide  there are a growing number of disenfranchised people out there who need some help  understanding  and kindness dr fowler helps provide all three'  ui only know dr fowler from interacting with her on avvocom  reading her answers  i can't help but sense the deep compassion this fine doctor possesses  she goes out of her way to answer people's questions  and will research topics that are not even in her area of expertise to provide assistance dr fowler comes across as a great doctor and a wonderful human being!]
1793,[u'would recommend him to my patients'  u'ent specialist']
1794,[u'dr maturani is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr maturani is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1795,[u'i endorse dr weiss he consistenly provides outstanding input about diabetes mellitus and other endocrinologic diseases as a service to the public on avvocom'  u'very thorough & precise!']
1796,[u'recommend dr munshower with the highest accolades  his answers on health tap are thoughtful  caring and scientifically accurate  he possesses the ability to answer patients questions intelligently while at the same time providing excellent health education and informing patients in a thoughtful manner  the highest recommendation'  umost people spend more time shopping for a new car than they select a physician it's important to find a physician you trust and feel comfortable with dr john c munshower is the only one you need to know he is a human being who cares about people  i'm really learning a lot from him highly recommended  ui see many of dr munshower's patients  i hear from them over and over how much they enjoy having him for their primary care doctor and that they think they are receiving excellent care from him  u'i fully recommend dr munshower to anyone needing his help as he seems to care deeply about his field of family medicine great physician and colleague and asset to the community at healthtap!'  u'dr john munshower is a knowledgeable  experienced  and caring physician  his responses are clear  concise  and practical  i am pleased to have dr munshower as a colleague on healthtap!'  udr munshower provides excellent  concise  accurate recommendations to patients' questions  that are well meaningful and relevant i value his contributions to the health tap forum]
1797,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'thanks for your valuable contributions']
1798,[u'dr zooker is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr zooker is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1799,[u'a concise answer  compassion and experience is what you will get when dr mills answers one of your questions  such a great value to the healthtap community!'  u'thanks for your contribution at health tap']
1800,[u'very timely and accurate responses']
1801,[u'dr erskine is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower8'  u'dr erskine is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr erskine is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'he gives good information']
1802,[u'dr chou is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr chou is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1803,[u'dr inwood is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr inwood is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr inwood is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'tks for info  appreciate that you suggested more than one possibility'  u'i am grateful for this doctor this thanksgiving!']
1804,[udr david possesses the qualities of both a cutting-edge physician and a compassionate human being with personal interests that invite professional and personal growth  ob gyn  plants  engineering  cooking  what's not to love?  u'i highly endorse dr mary s david as an expert on both healthtap and healthtap prime her comment are succinct  astute and valuable to patients and physicians alike she is an asset to the healthtap community'  u'well educated and well rounded with a boatload of expertise and a force to be reckoned with here on healthtap collaborates well with colleagues and approachable to all!'  u'dr david is a caring and thoughtful physician the answers she gives on healthtap are excellent and provide great patient education i recommend her highly'  u'dr david is thoughtful  caring and knowledgeable! she provides great value in her service'  u'knowledgeable specialist in ob / gyn gives helpful expert advice highly recommend']
1805,[uafter reading some of dr engrav's thoughtful and informative responses to questions i must compliment her both on her knowledge and empathy for patients  she sounds like a terrific physician]
1806,[u'dr tomsky is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr tomsky is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1807,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'nice answers  appears to be caring']
1808,[u'dr parul krishnamurthy is an excellent physician  very knowledgeable passionate  and on the top of his field he is a great value to the people of pa  and to the family of health tap'  u'dr krishnamurthy is providing an outstanding service to the public via healthtap she is clearly very knowledeable'  u'excellent ob gyn']
1809,[u'a very knowledgeable dentist with excellent  thorough  to the point and articulate answers and advice'  u'great dds!!']
1810,[u'dr frydman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr frydman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1811,[u'dr fertel is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr fertel is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1812,[u'dr kass has consistently shown thoughtful and useful advise to patients in his interactions he is an expert in his field i highly recommend him for your health care needs !'  u'i asked him a question as a colleague and he was prompt to reply with advise  it shows he is committed and really cares'  u'i recommend this doctor  very insightful and i learn something new from these answers'  u'excellent doctor with diagnosis  treatment  surgery with excellent bedside manor'  u'dr kass provides excellent information on podiatry to the public via healthtap'  u'intelligent  accurate  kind answers\r\nhighly recommend']
1813,[u'expertise is exceptional'  u'thank you!']
1814,[u'great doc!']
1815,[ui have a shoulder impingement i just started pain in my armpit of the same shoulder he was able to detect why i had pain when i put my chin to my chest i didn't mention my impingement he's right  u'he always answers quicklyon nights i was up scared he helped calm mei feel blessed to have a brilliant dr who will reach out and not ask for anything'  uhe answered back quickly even though i didn't get the answer i wanted  he was great help!  ui'm glad he answered my question that was puzzling to me  now i have some peace of mind  u'i am much obliged to dr colantino for his prompt and instructive information'  u'dr colantino is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1816,[u'i endorse this dentist i have had the privilege and pleasure of knowing dr sandler for close to 20 years my experiences of working with him have been always positive patient feedback is always exceptional and patients expectations have been met and exceeded he is a kind  caring and compassionate man who seeks perfection in his work dr sandler is constantly being educated with the newest knowledge and techniques in his field'  ui have followed dr sandler's comments to patients and practitioners alike for several months his answers to patients are caring  thorough  and obviously fully researched his advice to practioners is spot on--a trusted and erudite member of the dental community it is a privilege to include him in my network of health care providers and resources  u'dr sandler provides excellent advice to patients and peers his advice is consistent with a high standard of care his answers to questions on this site are well thought out and consistent with the kind of care i expect in a true dental professional it is my pleasure to endorse him'  u'dr sandler is that one of a kind of professional that unfortunately is sometimes hard to find  his expertise and professionalism is outstanding and seems to only follow his heart and compassion for patients  i am proud to have met dr sandler and i can not recommend him enough'  ui have been impressed by dr sandler's professionalism  he responds with care and passion and often goes beyond the call of duty in providing useful information in his answers  i consider his patients to be lucky to have him as their dentist i endorse him without reservations  ui know dr sandler from the avvo community and i have experienced his commitment to his patients and dentistry it's rare to find someone who makes an active effort to improve the field and it is from this that i am confident that dr sandler will not disappoint]
1817,[u'i truly appreciate the work you guys do! thank you for being part of this community!  keep up the good work!'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'very timely and accurate responses']
1818,[u'i highly endorse dr david carl houghton as an expert on both healthtap and healthtap prime his comments are asture and educational for both patients and physicians alike dr houghton is an asset to the healthtap community']
1819,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'good doc w/ broad knowledge base']
1820,[ui endorse this doctor he provides outstanding information to the public on avvocom  accurate  compassionate and in layman's terms  u'excellent answers and very timely  great doctor to follow    ron (oral surgeon  orlando)'  u'i endorse this doctor']
1821,[u'i endorse this doctor  thomas klein is a wonderful physician who provides top quality of care and makes himself accessible to all patients whenever in need  he evaluates their overall situation and offers a plan of care that is easy to follow and improves their overall quality of life  he also makes sure his staff treats you well and gets you in quickly for either a new patient appointment or a follow-up   he is also well read and continues to stay current with the updated allergy and medical journals  he is an asset to our field and truly enjoys his profession'  u'dr klein is a remarkable and welcomed addition to the avvo community  his answers are not only succinct and accurate  but they show just how much he cares for his profession and his patients  i am honored to work alongside him  i endorse and highly recommend dr thomas klein'  u'with extensive experience in the field of allergy and immunology  dr klein carries many strengths  including medical knowledge  care/compassion  and the ability to nuture an excellent patient-physician relationship  i fully endorse dr klein for these traits and many others'  u'dr klein is a knowledgeable  well-trained allergist with exceptional communication skills i would not hesitate to refer to him patients i had seen who are moving to havertown or its environs'  u'i would like to welcome dr klein to avvocom and endorse him dr klein is providing an excellent service to the public through the medical information and guidance that he provides'  u'dr klein is a knowledgeable  kind  and considerate physician i would see him myself highly recommended']
1822,[u'dr daniel has provided many succinct and careful answers to questions as a neurosurgeon  i learn about some of the nuances in radiologic interpretations from dr daniel'  ui look forward to dr daniel's insights whenever i find a question he has answered  he helps both the patients and the doctors on healthtap  ui'd like to thank dr daniel for his assistance with a curbside consult i had  his insights were very much appreciated!  uvery helpful and insightful responses to patient's questions great to have a very knowledgeable radiologist on this site]
1823,[uimpressed by answers which convey an expanded perspective regarding complex clinical issues  providing doctor education  and patient understanding  these approaches reify the value of dr jaren's contributions to healthtap  udr jaren gives intelligent  thoughtful and easy to understand answers  he's a great resource  especially for neurologic questions  u'based upon the materials presented  dr jaren has reputable training and experience'  u'very knowledgeable physician with great resources  recommend without reservation!'  u'dr jaren is a great physician and educator thanks for all you do on healthtap'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
1824,[ui endorse dr chiu it's clear from his answers to challenging questions that he is indeed an expert in his field  he is a wonderful resource to healthtap and therefore to the public who needs sound medical answers  u'dr chiu is a very knowledgeable and compassionate doctor who gives practical and sensible advice i enjoy reading his answers highly recommended'  u'excellent fund of knowledge in his specialty thorough but to the point answers to questions'  u'good practical answers'  u'highly recommended-dave'  u'highly recommend']
1825,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
1826,[u'dr galli is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr galli is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1827,[u'dr ibrahim provides pertinent information  and has excellent clinical skills he is also supportive and helpful to new doctors joining the healthtap team so that we can excel further in this platform of serving  and caring for patients'  u'dr ibrahim has extensive knowledge and experience and is able to communicate such in easy to understand terms he is highly ranked nationally in all categories! his responses can be counted on as being on the cutting edge of knowledge'  u'i fully recommend dr ibrahim to anyone needing his help as he has provided wonderful answers and seems to care deeply about his field of pain management  great physician and colleague!'  u'dr ibrahim gives valuable  clear  and understandable answers his experience  knowledge  and concern for patience is obvious a great asset to health tap'  u'i recommend dr ibrahim he is very knowledgable about pain managment and medicine in general he is providing an excellent public service via healthtap'  u'dr ibrahim is a caring physician he consistently provides excellent information to patients on healthtap he is a great asset to this community']
1828,[u'dr madonna is a very knowledgeable and compassionate doctor always enjoy reading her insightful answers highly recommended']
1829,[u'dr sadr is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr sadr is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1830,[u'great doc!!']
1831,[u'i recommend dr weixel her input on healthtap is spot on  respectful  accurate & demonstrates a great deal of insight her responses take things deeper than  typical bread & butter answers & are thought provoking she is providing a valuable public service on healthtap  i endorse dr weixel'  usince making dr weixel's acquaintance on this network i have called upon her expertise a number of times she impresses me with her fund of knowledge  speed of response to referrals  and ability to educate  i highly recommend dr weixel to patients and colleagues  udr weixel's sound training and years of experience resound in all her answers  she is empathetic and supportive  as well as offering practical suggestions  in those many  areas were a pill alone is not enough  udr weixel's responses are clear  thoughtful  and often warmly humorous -- yet always respectful  her viewpoints add depth to discussions  she's a wonderful presence on healthtap  and i recommend her  udr weixel's answers are filled with good information  wisdom and compassion  i would definitely recommend that the reader pay attention to what she says  u'dr weixel has consistently shown thoughtful and useful advise to patients in her interactions she is an expert in her field i highly recommend her !']
1832,[u'dr liu is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr liu is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1833,[u'dr grossman is a knowledgeable and dedicated dentist with well thought out and articulate answers'  u'excellent info']
1834,[u'i recommend dr beresh  he is an asset to healthtap and is well respected in the medical community'  u'i believe he is honest and sincere  his knowledge is excellent'  u'will follow you on health tap'  u'highly recommended-dave'  u'very knowledgeable']
1835,[ui have a shoulder impingement i just started pain in my armpit of the same shoulder he was able to detect why i had pain when i put my chin to my chest i didn't mention my impingement he's right  u'he always answers quicklyon nights i was up scared he helped calm mei feel blessed to have a brilliant dr who will reach out and not ask for anything'  uhe answered back quickly even though i didn't get the answer i wanted  he was great help!  ui'm glad he answered my question that was puzzling to me  now i have some peace of mind  u'i am much obliged to dr colantino for his prompt and instructive information'  u'dr colantino is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1836,[u'dr barrere is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr barrere is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1837,[u'dr phasouk is a knowledgeable family physician with an excellent sense of humor and realistic attitude towards daily living he seems to related well to patients and his answers to questions are correct and straightforward recommend him highly'  u'dr ryan phasouk practices family medicine  a specialty in which one needs to have both broad and deep knowledge in many areas  he takes on healthtap questions that hare difficult and answers them with clarity and kindness'  u'an outstanding physician with excellent responses to questions very informative refreshing in this age of new medicine to find someone as well rounded in all areas of medicine !'  u'dr phasouk is a real asset to healthtap he has a well rounded knowledge of medicine and provides understandable and accurate answers to question i endorse dr phasouk'  u'dr phasouk actively contributes his knowledge and expertise to give accurate  and meaningful advice on a timely manner he is an asset to the health tap team'  u'dr phasouk is clearly a very knowledgeable physician who gets straight to the point with his very informative answers an asset to health tap!']
1838,[u'recommend dr munshower with the highest accolades  his answers on health tap are thoughtful  caring and scientifically accurate  he possesses the ability to answer patients questions intelligently while at the same time providing excellent health education and informing patients in a thoughtful manner  the highest recommendation'  umost people spend more time shopping for a new car than they select a physician it's important to find a physician you trust and feel comfortable with dr john c munshower is the only one you need to know he is a human being who cares about people  i'm really learning a lot from him highly recommended  ui see many of dr munshower's patients  i hear from them over and over how much they enjoy having him for their primary care doctor and that they think they are receiving excellent care from him  u'i fully recommend dr munshower to anyone needing his help as he seems to care deeply about his field of family medicine great physician and colleague and asset to the community at healthtap!'  u'dr john munshower is a knowledgeable  experienced  and caring physician  his responses are clear  concise  and practical  i am pleased to have dr munshower as a colleague on healthtap!'  udr munshower provides excellent  concise  accurate recommendations to patients' questions  that are well meaningful and relevant i value his contributions to the health tap forum]
1839,[u'dr johnston is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr johnston is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1840,[u'i truly appreciate the work you guys do! thank you for being part of this community!  keep up the good work!'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'very timely and accurate responses']
1841,[u'dr oscar novick is an excellent pediatrician who demonstrates a wide-breadth of knowledge across medical specialties his responses are concise  practical  and insightful and i look forward to reading them additionally he is kind and caring as reflected in his answers i am happy to have dr novick as my colleague on healthtap!'  ui like & admire dr novick 's vastness of passion & compassion  wealth in his specialty knowledge  and keen instinct to conjecture useful solutions beyond available facts so  i recommend him without reservation to anyone in need for his specialty care and service \r\n\r\n(james) chin-ti lin  md  u'dr novick is clearly has an outstanding knowledge of pediatrics he is providing an excellent service to the public via healhtap the information he provides is understandable  accurate & compassionate i endorse dr novick'  u'excellent well thought out answers an excellent resource for patients and an asset to healthtap anybody who takes their personal time  to answer patient questions and does so without anything in return is fine by me'  u'i am always amazed at his breadth of knowledge in pediatrics- it is obvious from his answers and online presence  he is an expert in pediatrics and a value to the health tap community'  u'dr novick has my highest recommendation he is a well respected pediatrician in his community and it is great to see  expertise and insights shared on health tap']
1842,[u'dr romans is not only an expert in his field but an asset to healthtap for his vast medical knowledge and compassionate care  he is a great patient advocate'  u'doctor romans does an outstanding job of responding to questions with clarity and precision  a great skill in tele-health practice'  u'dr romans gives excellent  clear advice he is an amazing doctor!'  u'respected expert in internal medicine highly recommend'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
1843,[u'i have been following dr singh\'s answers for some time and am impressed in how easily his answers get right to the heart of the questions you might say that his answers all have a certain pop to them'  u'your dedication and commitment to providing quality health consultation on healthtap is greatly admired and a true benefit to your patients keep up the good work'  udr singh provides very informative answers that are right on track with the questions asked  he's a wonderful asset to the healthtap community!  u'dr singh  addresses patient questions in a concise  clear manner  with  links for additional information  excellent physician!'  u'prolific and insightful  dr singh is an important contributor valued by his patients and his physician colleagues'  u'i recommend this doctor  very insightful and i learn something new from these answers']
1844,[uday after day  dr fowler answers scads of patient questions tirelessly while managing to handle each one with care and thoughtfulness she's earned the respect and admiration of many docs here as both a colleague and a leader - one who readily cheers us on and one who humanizes us all with the funny and folksy expressions that dot her answers (whoah nelly  indeed!)  hats off to dr fowler!  uwhen a physician has so many colleagues who admire her and her work  it should not be a surprise that she is an outstanding doctor but dr fowler has that something extra that almost seems magical she's a true humanitarian  and i consider it a blessing to have her be part of the healthtap community here's to you dr fowler  for all you are and do for patients and colleagues alike cheers!  ui've had the opportunity to interact with dr fowler for the last several months on the former avvo health website where she was the top doc bar none her answers to psychiatric questions are spot on and serve as an excellent source of information for non-psychiatrists this is complemented by her overall fund of general medical knowledge which she dispenses in a compassionate manner  uwow!  i decided to read the recommendations from other doctors before writing mine  five minutes later i still have not gotten to the bottom of the list  hard to add to all of this but i must say i love reading dr fowler's responses  concise  to the point and done with a sense of compassion and an endearing sense of humor  i highly recommend her and learn a lot from her  u'dr fowler is a conscientious contributor to the community  providing insightful opinions to people in need although many physicians are perhaps skeptical of the services this  and other medical information websites provide  there are a growing number of disenfranchised people out there who need some help  understanding  and kindness dr fowler helps provide all three'  ui only know dr fowler from interacting with her on avvocom  reading her answers  i can't help but sense the deep compassion this fine doctor possesses  she goes out of her way to answer people's questions  and will research topics that are not even in her area of expertise to provide assistance dr fowler comes across as a great doctor and a wonderful human being!]
1845,[ui have a shoulder impingement i just started pain in my armpit of the same shoulder he was able to detect why i had pain when i put my chin to my chest i didn't mention my impingement he's right  u'he always answers quicklyon nights i was up scared he helped calm mei feel blessed to have a brilliant dr who will reach out and not ask for anything'  uhe answered back quickly even though i didn't get the answer i wanted  he was great help!  ui'm glad he answered my question that was puzzling to me  now i have some peace of mind  u'i am much obliged to dr colantino for his prompt and instructive information'  u'dr colantino is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1846,[u'dr willner provides thorough  accurate responses about all kinds of neurological and health questions on healthtap  her caring attitude comes through  too'  u'a very caring diagnostician with a wonderful bedside manner  presents diagnostic work-up and treatment options in a clear and concise presentation!'  u'has a great knowledge base across the various fields of medicine  i enjoy learning from her'  u'great responses very accurate & helpful impressive'  u'a caring and empathetic physician!']
1847,[u'dr dowling provides an exceptional public service through health tap his response are universally suberb he provides indepth yet concise  acurate and understandable information i recommend dr dowling'  u'very knowlegible and conservative about when to do surgery thats good'  u'commack is lucky to have such a top doc!'  u'timely and to the point answers'  u'great answers thank you!'  u'highly recommend']
1848,[u'dr fisher is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr fisher is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'definitely puts down thoughtful answers']
1849,[u'dr yaklic is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr yaklic is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1850,[u'dr kass has consistently shown thoughtful and useful advise to patients in his interactions he is an expert in his field i highly recommend him for your health care needs !'  u'i asked him a question as a colleague and he was prompt to reply with advise  it shows he is committed and really cares'  u'i recommend this doctor  very insightful and i learn something new from these answers'  u'excellent doctor with diagnosis  treatment  surgery with excellent bedside manor'  u'dr kass provides excellent information on podiatry to the public via healthtap'  u'intelligent  accurate  kind answers\r\nhighly recommend']
1851,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
1852,[u'obviously a highly intelligent and concerned clinician she responds with answers that cover both the patients stated questions and also their implied concerns these are accurate  clearly expressed  and demonstrate both a good sense of humor as well as an obvious concern for patient welfare would love to have a family practitioner like her caring for me'  u'i highly endorse dr anne phelan-adams as a skilled  astute  compassionate and informative expert on the healttap expert panel she is an asset to our group of experts'  u'dr anne phelan-adams offers very valuable information in her clear and concise answers i strongly value her advice and presence on healthtap'  u'reliable expert in family medicine with additional expertise in wilderness medicine pleased to recommend'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
1853,[u'when asked about acute pancreatic attack  after 8 moths he advised not a good idea to drink alcohol if it caused it good advice and better than saying drink and in away that feels like punishment thx'  u'dr den replied very quickly-i appreciate that so much-even had a chart that i was able to view'  u'have seen a reumtologist buy they have no answers for me what could be wrong???'  u'dr den is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr den is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr den is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1854,[udr lovell's a skilled  forthright communicator whose great care and dedication to her patients are readily evident from her contributions on healthtap  members and colleagues alike can rely on her extensive knowledge and sound judgment  u'i recommend dr lovell her knowledge base in internal medicine and rheumatology is vast the information she provides is accurate  complete & understandable she provides a real service to the public on health tap'  udr lovell is an outstanding rheumatologist and a great asset to the healthtap community  i always appreciate her thoughtful  thorough and informative answers to patients' questions  u'dr lovell is dedicated  knowledgeable  provides excellent answers which both patients and doctors learn from i recommend dr lovell without reservation'  u'dr lovell is highly compassionate  knowledgeable physician that is a pleasure to learn from  she is clearly one of the top specialist in her field'  u'fast  fantastic answers to often complex questions  truly an asset to the medical community a true national leader in rheumatology']
1855,[u'excellent response and answers   very good doctor to follow'  u'dr capehart shows caring and expertise nice!'  u'great dentist!!']
1856,[u'dr ettinger is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr ettinger is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1857,[u'dr younus  is an excellent physician \nwith broad  range of  skills  he is down\n to earth individual    and very much \nliked  by patients  and staff alike and is \nconsiderd  top physician in his field'  u'dr younus is clearly providing a valuable service to the public on health tap he is knowledgable about psychiatry and medicine in general i recommend dr younus'  u'dr younus gives sound  thoughtful answers to all kinds of questions on healthtap  i recommend him'  u'knowledegeable and caring answers'  u'i recommend this physician!'  u'helps many pateints']
1858,[u'i would recommend and endore dr davantizis without hesitation  dr davantzis does all he can to not only cut through the confusion that patients struggle with  but he does so with well-thought out and meaningful answers  he truly cares not only for his patients  but for the profession of dentistry'  u'i endorse this dentist  i have known dr davantzis professionally and personally for many years  his clinical and interpersonal skills are outstanding  he truly cares for his patients as if they were his own family  i would highly recommend him to anyone in need of dental care'  u'it is a pleasure to speak on behalf of a trusted and proficient colleague whom i have known for 30 years  ted is an intelligent  articulate  compassionate and highly capable clinician  his patients are quite fortunate to have him as their dentist'  u'dr davantzis demonstrates a clear commitment to the dental profession  and to the community his posts on avvo reflect his vast knowledge and expertise  i believe that he is an asset to his profession and to his patients!'  u'i endorse dr davantzis for his ongoing effort to help patients in need of dental advice  for his vast knowledge  and with whom i share his philosophies concerning dental treatment  he is a credit to our profession'  u'dr davantzis gives clear answers and explanantion in a very kind tone  i find myself in agreement with dr davantzis and i endorse this dentist  thank you dr davantzis for your professionalism\nzev kaufman  dds']
1859,[udr michaels is a very experienced and knowledgeable colleague i know that his answers are thoughtful and useful not only to the patients here on healthtap  but to generalists such as myself who wish to lean more about urology  surgery and medical practice clearly i respect  dr micheals' opinion and recommend him highly  u'i fully recommend dr michaels to anyone needing his help as he seems to care deeply about his field of urology great physician and colleague and asset to the community at healthtap!'  u'i endorse dr michaels dr michaels is an extremely knowledgeable urologist who willingly  provides healthcare information to the public'  u'dr michaels gives helpful   caring  and thoughtful answers i highly recommend him  and thank him for being my colleague on health tap'  udr michaels is truly a wonderful and compassionate doctor it's an honor and privilege to be in his network of physicians  u'anybody who takes the their personal time to answer questions for patients is fine by me']
1860,[u'dr weisberg is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr weisberg is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1861,[u'dr king is leader in the field of phlebology   and has contributed significant original research to forward our understanding of the field dr king is knowledgeable   caring dedicated good humored and much more dr king embodies the best attributes of a physician and surgeon'  u'dr king stands amongst the best in the field of phlebology he is a compassionate  trustworthy  dedicated and competent physician'  ualways excellent trustworthy and well written meaningful answers to patient's questions an wonderful physician asset on this site  u'dr king is a most professional   knowledgable and caring physician who deserves great respect\ndr marsha davis'  u'dr king is a well-respected authority on the treatment of chronic venous disease'  u'intelligent  respected expert in phlebology and other areas\r\nhighly recommend']
1862,[u'i am grateful to drgrin for educating not only myself  but all of us here at healthtap about pain management  and  moreover  i am grateful to him for his openness to the effects of psychotherapy i have encountered many pain practitioners who devalue therapy as being unneeded  and that medication solves everything no so for dr grin  and i am relieved he is more forward thinking & collaborative!'  u'what a great guy  excellent physician  wonderful colleague and all around genius in the area of pain as well in a surprising range of other areas  i learn from him every day and have recommended that my own daughter read his information to help sort out her tmj  he does not hesitate to tackle any question and returns clear explanations of the most complex issues seasoned with true compassion'  u'dr grin is a wonderful colleague and physician he is knowledgeable in multiple areas not only in the scope of pain management his genuine compassion is evident not only in the way he cares for patients  but for the community of physicians here on healthtap as well we are all lucky to have him share his wisdom with us!'  u'i am endorsing dr grin he is providing an excellent service to the public on healthtap the medical information  dr grin provides is accurate & understandable dr grin is clearly very knowledgeable about pain management and medicine in general'  uhave been reading dr grin's responses and have been impressed with his lucid explanations of issues that are difficult to explain to non-medical personnel he is thorough  concise  and provides excellent advice  u'i highly endorse dr paul grin as a healthtap and healthtap prime as an expert his commentaries and clinical insights are astute and educational to both patients and physicians he is an asset to our community']
1863,[u'dr taylor is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr taylor is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'this is very useful information  thank you dr taylor']
1864,[u'dr mumneh is providing an outstanding service to the public through healthtap she is clearly very knowledgeable about internal medicine  allergy  immunology & medicine in general i endorse dr mumneh'  u'dr nayla z mumneh is an excellent physician very knowledgeable passionate and on the top of his field he is a great value to the peolpe of nj and to the family of health tap'  u'is an expert in hereditary angioedema  allergic rhinitis  chronic sinusitis  runny nose  stuffed nose and has been a valuable asset on health tap to its members and community'  u'communicative and knowledgeable he would be an excellent source of care for any patient with allergies or problems with the immune system'  u'i highly endorse dr mumneh as an expert on the hhealthtap and healthtap prime networks his comment are both astute and educational'  u'nayla provides useful and practical content for a wide variety of questions']
1865,[u'well trained  experienced  empathetic psychiatrist\r\nresponses are well thought out and make common sense reflective of his basic medical training in france'  u'thank you for being a part of the health tap community for the benefit of doctors and patients alike!']
1866,[u'i have been impressed with dr minich pointed answers with knowledge  depth  wit  and kindness so  i highly recommend her to anyone looking for care / service from her specialty without reservation \r\n\r\n(james) chin-ti lin  md'  u'dr minich is a dedicated doctor  who has been actively answering complex medical questions with compassion  and insight she provides practical and solutions  and recommendations for patients great healthteam expert'  u'i highly endorse dr diane mimich as an expert in her field and as an asset to the healthtap community of experts she is knowledgeable  insightful and empathetic i think that she is an asset  to our physician panel'  u'i have learned a great deal from dr minich here on healthtap and have learned a great deal from her thoughtful  expert  and helpful answers to her patients i look forward to learning more from her!'  u'i recommend dr minich she is providing a valuable service to the public via healthtap she provides sensible  accurate and respectful input i endorse dr minich'  u'dr minich is an extremely knowledgeable physician who obviously care greatly for her patients and their health she is a terrific asset to the healthtap community!']
1867,[u'i really really thankful dr hashmat rajput for ur satisfied answerit is so helpful for me i was so confused thank u so much god bless u'  u'dr rajput is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr rajput is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'thank you dr rajput']
1868,[u'i recommend dr beresh  he is an asset to healthtap and is well respected in the medical community'  u'i believe he is honest and sincere  his knowledge is excellent'  u'will follow you on health tap'  u'highly recommended-dave'  u'very knowledgeable']
1869,[u'dr amawi is providing an excellent service to the public on health tap he shares his vast knowledge of psychiatry in a way that is easy to understand  i r ecommend dr amawi'  u'dr bassam amawi is an excellent physician  very knowledgeable passionate  and on the top of his field he is a great value to the people of fl  and to the family of health tap'  u'dr amawi is a skilled  knowledgeable  and caring physician; he is accessible and generous with his expertise here on healthtap'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'competent  caring and experienced dr amawi is a great physician'  u'knowledgeable  caring answers  thank you']
1870,[u'great doc!!']
1871,[u'dr kass has consistently shown thoughtful and useful advise to patients in his interactions he is an expert in his field i highly recommend him for your health care needs !'  u'i asked him a question as a colleague and he was prompt to reply with advise  it shows he is committed and really cares'  u'i recommend this doctor  very insightful and i learn something new from these answers'  u'excellent doctor with diagnosis  treatment  surgery with excellent bedside manor'  u'dr kass provides excellent information on podiatry to the public via healthtap'  u'intelligent  accurate  kind answers\r\nhighly recommend']
1872,[u'i endorse this dentist  dr wollock is competent and capable in all aspects of restorative dentistry  i have had the opportunity to work with dr wollock on numerous occasions and can attest to his quality care'  u'i highly recommend doctor michael wallock for his unique talent and devotion to the dental profession\nexcellence and  professionalism are reflected in his answers to help  the community'  u'dr wollock is a highly respected and accomplished colleague who strives to make a positive difference to his patients and the dental community  i endorse him highly\n\ndr neil mcleod dds'  u'dr wollock is a very kind  caring and talented restorative dentist  we have shared mutual patients for years with great success and more importantly  gratitude from our patients'  u'i endorse this dentist his answers to questions are thought out and he tries to help his patients by educating them on keeping themselves healthy'  u'dr wollock is an outstanding dentist  he possesses an integrity of work  quality of care  detail and precision beyond expectation']
1873,[u'dr howard schneider is one of the leading pediatric dentists on long island  from the minute you walk in the door  you can tell that he is totally dedicated to patient comfort and the best possible care for your children dr schneider pays close attention to the details  he goes far above and beyond with continuing education i have a great deal of respect for him and recommend him highly'  u'dr howard schneider is accurate and succinct in his answers his background and experience clearly shines! dr don e millner magd ficoi'  u'top notch pediatric dentist with a wide range of knowledge  highly recommend'  u'a very knowledgeable and dedicated pediatric dentist'  u'great dentist!!!']
1874,[u'dr del valle is providing an excellent service to the public via healthtap he in clearly knowledge about anesthesiology & many other areas of medicine i endorse dr del valle'  u'excellent answers and is always very supportive to patients on healthtap'  u'great responses very accurate comes highly recommended'  u'very intelligent  caring answers\r\nhighly recommend'  u'very accurate and informative responses'  u'nice answers great job']
1875,[u'thank you for your help with both me and my mom you took the time and really listened which i appreciate'  u'dr wang is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr wang is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'i am grateful for this doctor this thanksgiving!'  u'i am grateful for this doctor this thanksgiving!'  u'great']
1876,[u'dr john berryman is an excellent physician very knowledgeable passionate and on the top of his field he is a great value to the peolpe of  ca and to the family of health tap']
1877,[u'i recommend you as a well know expert in your field\r\ndr jakavick would recommend this dr to all who seek their expertise'  u'professional  knowledgeable  served our veterans very well in his career'  u'dr wright ia an asset to health tap   a renowned   thoracic surgeon  '  u'experienced and knowledgeable  generously shares both on healthtap'  u'provides precise and comprehensive answers to difficult questions'  u'a truly  wonderful and compassionate doctor']
1878,[u'dr neyman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr neyman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1879,[u'dr goren is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr goren is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1880,[u'dr fricke takes the time to provide answers rich in substance and educational information  the more i read of her contributions  the more i am humbled by the extraordinarily high quality of her responses to even the most complex questions  although we share a specialty  i learn from her every day and strive to approach her level of knowledge and ability to teach'  uin reading and reviewing dr johanna fricke's answers i am impressed how she is able to convey information about the precious things in our lives - our children - in a concise and detailed manner and at the same time some how make you feel reassured at the same time  i wish i live in las vegas so she could be my pediatrician!  i highly recommend her  u'if your child has a developmental  learning  or behavioral problem  a developmental-behavioral pediatrician  dr johanna fricke   has the training and expertise to evaluate and care for your child do not hesitate to refer your family ad friends she is the best in las vegas  nv sincerely and respectfully  drpaul grin'  u'i have known dr fricke for many years  having trained at the same institution i have reviewed many of her answers and consultations on healthtap and have found them to be insightful and thorough her documentation is clear and easily understood by patients i would recommend her highly'  u'i find myself wishing i had a dr fricke to turn to while i was raising my daughter her combination of knowledge  understanding  clarity  compassion and good sense is just well   great children and parents will all benefit from her answers and warmth'  u'excellent well thought out answers an excellent resource for patients and an asset to healthtap anybody who takes their personal time  to answer patient questions and does so without anything in return is fine by me']
1881,[u'dr landi is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr landi is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1882,[u'i am grateful to drgrin for educating not only myself  but all of us here at healthtap about pain management  and  moreover  i am grateful to him for his openness to the effects of psychotherapy i have encountered many pain practitioners who devalue therapy as being unneeded  and that medication solves everything no so for dr grin  and i am relieved he is more forward thinking & collaborative!'  u'what a great guy  excellent physician  wonderful colleague and all around genius in the area of pain as well in a surprising range of other areas  i learn from him every day and have recommended that my own daughter read his information to help sort out her tmj  he does not hesitate to tackle any question and returns clear explanations of the most complex issues seasoned with true compassion'  u'dr grin is a wonderful colleague and physician he is knowledgeable in multiple areas not only in the scope of pain management his genuine compassion is evident not only in the way he cares for patients  but for the community of physicians here on healthtap as well we are all lucky to have him share his wisdom with us!'  u'i am endorsing dr grin he is providing an excellent service to the public on healthtap the medical information  dr grin provides is accurate & understandable dr grin is clearly very knowledgeable about pain management and medicine in general'  uhave been reading dr grin's responses and have been impressed with his lucid explanations of issues that are difficult to explain to non-medical personnel he is thorough  concise  and provides excellent advice  u'i highly endorse dr paul grin as a healthtap and healthtap prime as an expert his commentaries and clinical insights are astute and educational to both patients and physicians he is an asset to our community']
1883,[u'i endorse this dentist i have had the privilege and pleasure of knowing dr sandler for close to 20 years my experiences of working with him have been always positive patient feedback is always exceptional and patients expectations have been met and exceeded he is a kind  caring and compassionate man who seeks perfection in his work dr sandler is constantly being educated with the newest knowledge and techniques in his field'  ui have followed dr sandler's comments to patients and practitioners alike for several months his answers to patients are caring  thorough  and obviously fully researched his advice to practioners is spot on--a trusted and erudite member of the dental community it is a privilege to include him in my network of health care providers and resources  u'dr sandler provides excellent advice to patients and peers his advice is consistent with a high standard of care his answers to questions on this site are well thought out and consistent with the kind of care i expect in a true dental professional it is my pleasure to endorse him'  u'dr sandler is that one of a kind of professional that unfortunately is sometimes hard to find  his expertise and professionalism is outstanding and seems to only follow his heart and compassion for patients  i am proud to have met dr sandler and i can not recommend him enough'  ui have been impressed by dr sandler's professionalism  he responds with care and passion and often goes beyond the call of duty in providing useful information in his answers  i consider his patients to be lucky to have him as their dentist i endorse him without reservations  ui know dr sandler from the avvo community and i have experienced his commitment to his patients and dentistry it's rare to find someone who makes an active effort to improve the field and it is from this that i am confident that dr sandler will not disappoint]
1884,[u'i truly appreciate the work you guys do! thank you for being part of this community!  keep up the good work!'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'very timely and accurate responses']
1885,[u'being trained  licensed  & board certified both medically (both otolaryngology and facial plastic & reconstructive surgery) and dentally (oral & maxillofacial surgery) drgallia is in possession of an incredibly impressive breadth of training  knowledge  and experience in his field  his answers to questions are clear  precise  & very helpful &it is my pleasure to recommend him very highly indeed'  u'although i live far from dr lou  i have had the chance to see his recommendations  his accolades and his patient satisfaction i highly recommend dr lou for his experience  recognition nationally and his devotion to his community of patients'  u'great doctor he gets right to the point  addresses the issue in a straightforward manner and tells you who to follow up with what more could you want glad to have him here on healthtapcom impressed with his tmj expertise'  u'i have known dr gallia to be extremely knowledgable as an oral surgeon and have been very pleased with the way he has teated my patients  i have no hesitation in recommending him'  u'dr gallia is an expert in his field and i highly recommend searching him out for answers relating to ent  maxillofacial  tmj  and other related areas of interest!'  u'not your basic or all surgeon  best of the best! very experience oral surgeon many additional specialties definitely in good hands and highly recommended!']
1886,[u'dr schwarzman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr schwarzman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'i am grateful for this doctor this thanksgiving!'  u'i am grateful for this doctor this thanksgiving!']
1887,[u'i learn a great deal from the information that dr encarnacion provides he is clearly very knowledgeable  about oncology and medicine in general i endorse dr encarnacion'  u'i highly recommend dr carlos encarnacion  he is highly knowledgeable and caring'  u'very accurate and timely responses'  u'excellent physician!'  u'excellent physician'  u'good doctor']
1888,[u'would recommend him to my patients'  u'ent specialist']
1889,[ui highly recommend dr killian for his dedication and excellent and straightforward responses on healthtap he is clearly very knowledgeable in the area of human sexuality and sexually transmitted diseases as well as in men's health and excellent addition to the healthtap team  ui see dr k on line often giving expert and knowledgeable advice from a variety of topics including : human immunodeficiency virus  sexually transmitted infections  aids  gay  lesbian and transgender health  men's health he is a major contributer to the health tap community  udr killian has a vast amount of knowledge and a great ability to separate the wheat from the chaff in answering questions with clarity and wit i appreciate learning from him as much as i'm sure the readers do  too  u'dr killian is informative  clear  compassionate and interesting i look forward to seeing his replies and comments i always learn things that are helpful and often thought provoking a great resource!'  u'dr killian is very knowledgeable and his answers are a great resource to patients here on health tap  i find myself learning a lot from reading his entries'  u'outstanding and to the point answers and advice obviously a very knowledgeable  caring and dedicated doctor']
1890,[u'dr behura is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr behura is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1891,[ui enjoy and learn from dr ghattas' responses as they are both expert and humane great bedside manner!!!  u'thoughtful  caring and concise answers i strongly value her presence on health tap'  u'very well thought out concise answers'  u'highly recommended great answers'  u'i recommend dr ghattas!'  u'great doctor!']
1892,[u'dr monsef is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr monsef is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1893,[u'quick tesonse direct  thorough answered question and answered not asked (but answers were valuable) very pleased'  u'dr nguyen is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr nguyen is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'very polite  and straight helpful answers']
1894,[umost people spend more time shopping for a new car than they select a physician it's important to find a physician you trust and feel comfortable with drdr jeffrey j juchau  is the only one you and your family need to know he is a human being who cares about people i'm really learning a lot from him highly recommended  udr juchau is truly the kind of doc i would love to both work in a practice with and to have as my own physician he's really bright  well educated  dedicated  personable  genuine and caring we need more like dr juchau in this field!  u'helpful to patients with a comprehensive general knowledge need to patients where they are effectively and collaborates well with colleagues i recommend dr juchau to both patients and colleagues alike!'  udr juchau's responses are brief  to the point  always accurate and a pleasure to read recommend him highly any family would be privileged to have him as their doctor  u'i enjoy  and learn from reading information shared by dr juchau  he is providing an excellent service to the public via healthtap i recommend dr juchau'  u'dedicated  knowledgable and kind doctor highly recommended to whomever needs a new primary care doctor and also an honor to know him on healthtap']
1895,[udr ingram's responses demonstrate a depth of knowledge about his specialty and are always accurate and phrased so that the questioner can understand them easily he has a wry sense of humor and i find him quite enjoyable to read would recommend him highly  ui am so impressed with dr ingram's breath of knowledge in obstetrics and gynecology  the information he provides is accurate  understandable  compassionate and with just the right tincture of humor i endorse dr ingram  u'dr ingram demonstrates a wide knowledge base  with accurate  insightful answers  he is a corner stone of healthtap  teaching both doctors and patients about topics covering many of the questions we come across'  u'intelligent  caring gives great answers\r\nhighly recommend'  u'excellent responses showing in depth knowledge'  u'caring  knowledgeable  dedicated physician!']
1896,[u'dr ahamad ibrahim is an excellent physician very knowledgeable passionate and on the top of his field he is a great value to the peolpe of ohio and to the family of health tap'  u'compassionate and intelligent physician  always available for his patients'  u'very accurate and timely responses'  u'trustworthy  caring and thorough!'  u'great job']
1897,[u'dr smith is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr smith is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1898,[u'dr wade provides thoughtful  sound and courageous analysis  when she reviews care provided  in my experience  she takes the time to teach with her reviews and i have learned a lot from her  she is a very valuable asset to health tap as one who is willing to be thorough  learned and intellectually honest  she has earned my respect and gratitude'  u'a great addition to healthtap dr wade has outstanding training in holistic medicine and broadens the range of medical care for patients']
1899,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
1900,[u'dr brouwer is a very knowledgeable internist he is providing an excellent public service via healthtap he is also a really nice person i endorse dr brouwer'  u'an industry though leader in concierge medicine an intelligent and highly expereinced physician highly recommend'  u'great responses very accurate comes highly recommended'  u'dr brouwer is knowledgeable  respectful and caring'  u'good knowledgeable answers and caring approach'  u'a super doctor!']
1901,[ui know dr matos-cruz personally worked with him for several years if you have thoracic surgical issues  he's the one you you want on your case!  he's compassionate  knowledgeable  and (perhaps not useful on a computer) terrific in the or!  u'thanks for your contribution at health tap'  u'very timely and accurate responses'  u'i recommend this physician!']
1902,[u'great doctor made me feel calm and that everything would turn out fine (: and lost of details in what i needed'  u'is there a way to connect again now with you? yes  tech difficulties  again sorry'  u'dr hermansen is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr hermansen is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'great doctor! calmed my son down alot and assured him thankyou!'  u'absolutely great caring  and knowledgeable doc!']
1903,[u'i highly endorse dr jeffrey bassman as an expert on health tap and healthtap prime his comments and insights are educational for both patients and physicians he is an asset to the healthtap community'  u'dr bassman is an extremely knowledgeable and dedicated dentist excellent answers and advice'  u'very knowledgable  fantastic answers with quick responses\nexcellent  excellent doctor!'  u'excellent responses to questions and very supportive of patients strongly recommended'  u'i highly recommend dr bassman and thank you for your contributions to healthtap'  u'a very knowledgable and compassionate doctor always gives very sound advice']
1904,[u'dr newman is providing an excellent public service through healthtap his responses are relevant  understandable & accurate i recommend dr newman'  u'dr newman is knowledgeable  concise and compassionate  a great asset to the healthtap network of physicians!'  u'knowledgeable  kind  direct answers\r\nhighly recommend']
1905,[u'dr hiler is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr hiler is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1906,[u'a very knowledgeable and dedicated doctor and highly appreciated for his contributions']
1907,[ui enjoy reading dr kwok's advice on health tap i'm impressed by the broad scope of his medical knowledge  his sense of humor and his skill in explaining medical issues to patients in plain english without resorting to medical jargon he is an asset to health tap  u'dr kwok is a kind and knowledgable physician who is always a pleasure to interact and work with  i would highly recommend as a pediatrician in the south bay area!'  ufast  fantastic answers to often complex questions  truly an asset to the medical community a true national leader in children's health care  u'committed to next generation healthcare while maintaining the humanity of physician-patient interaction  knowledgeable and experienced'  udr kwok's posts are always thought provoking  one can truly see the commitment and passion to medicine  keep the great answers coming  u'excellent contributor to healthtap extremely knowledgeable and graciously shares his gifts with the world and he has a lot to share!']
1908,[u'dr bernstein is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr bernstein is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1909,[u'dr orourke is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr orourke is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1910,[u'dr  tuma is a highly regard and experienced board certified plastic surgeon  he has a great understanding of plastic surgery and the ability to easily convey this to his patients'  u'dr tuma is an excellent surgeon with very prestigious training and qualifications he has an excellent bedside manner and puts patients at ease i highly recommend dr gary tuma']
1911,[u'i really really thankful dr hashmat rajput for ur satisfied answerit is so helpful for me i was so confused thank u so much god bless u'  u'dr rajput is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr rajput is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'thank you dr rajput']
1912,[u'excellent answers and advice'  u'great dds!!']
1913,[u'great doc!!']
1914,[u'dr fisher is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr fisher is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1915,[uhe's quick to respond with great informative answer's that make good  clear sense  u'dr giannotta is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr giannotta is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1916,[u'accurate thorough responses'  u'good doctor']
1917,[u'an excellent source of information'  u'i recommend this physician!']
1918,[u'i would recommend and endore dr davantizis without hesitation  dr davantzis does all he can to not only cut through the confusion that patients struggle with  but he does so with well-thought out and meaningful answers  he truly cares not only for his patients  but for the profession of dentistry'  u'i endorse this dentist  i have known dr davantzis professionally and personally for many years  his clinical and interpersonal skills are outstanding  he truly cares for his patients as if they were his own family  i would highly recommend him to anyone in need of dental care'  u'it is a pleasure to speak on behalf of a trusted and proficient colleague whom i have known for 30 years  ted is an intelligent  articulate  compassionate and highly capable clinician  his patients are quite fortunate to have him as their dentist'  u'dr davantzis demonstrates a clear commitment to the dental profession  and to the community his posts on avvo reflect his vast knowledge and expertise  i believe that he is an asset to his profession and to his patients!'  u'i endorse dr davantzis for his ongoing effort to help patients in need of dental advice  for his vast knowledge  and with whom i share his philosophies concerning dental treatment  he is a credit to our profession'  u'dr davantzis gives clear answers and explanantion in a very kind tone  i find myself in agreement with dr davantzis and i endorse this dentist  thank you dr davantzis for your professionalism\nzev kaufman  dds']
1919,[u'dr goldberg is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr goldberg is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1920,[udr sojico's caring responses and upbeat attitude on healthtap set her apart from the crowd she's clearly highly knowledgeable and dedicated i suspect she's the kind of pediatrician who could set at ease even the most protective parent  u'dr sojico is clearly very knowledgeable in pediatrics and medicine in general she is providing an excellent service to public via healthtap i endorse dr sojico'  u'dr sojico is a very knowledgeable and compassionate doctor who gives practical and sensible advice i enjoy reading her answers highly recommended '  u'great tips! very intelligent expert in pediatrics\r\nhighly recommend'  u'highly recommend drsojico for her dedication and hard work'  u'gives good medical advice and is caring']
1921,[u'great  doctor']
1922,[ui have been reading & learning from dr ferguson's healthtap input for a number of months he is clearly very knowledgeable about pediatrics  infectious disease & a medicine in general the information he provides is balanced  accurate & always right on target  he has earned my respect  he is providing an excellent service to the public via health tap  i recommend dr ferguson  u'dr ferguson knows how to talk to kids and to parents as well  which is to say he is an expert in his field with effective execution  combined with warm bedside manner in caring for his anxious youthful patients  as well as their even more nervous parents bravo  dr ferguson!!! we learn much from you here on healthtap!'  ui am recommending dr ferguson for a 2nd time because he shares his compregensive knowledge of pediatrics in a straightforward  casual but authorative style also  he doesn't seem to mind comments from an aging feminist with a quirky point of view  u'highly knowledgeable and well respected has helped so many patients on health tap and in practice a treasure\r\nhighly recommend'  u'dr  ferguson has a vast fund of knowledge that allows for effectively contributing to this online community of health'  u'dr ferguson is an extremely well-informed physician  and his answers are wise and helpful  thanks  dr ferguson!']
1923,[udr don millner is a thoughtful clinician who gives his opinions based on years of clinical experience he will venture into the areas of pro's and con's of certain treatments which shows his concern for the patients who submit their questions to healthtap i am very pleased to be able to have him as a  colleague here and i look forward to learning more from his input  u'dr millner provides concise  pertinent dental answers that are informative  comprehensive  and shares his sense of humor too his holistic dental perspective shows in letting patients know how important their dental health impacts their overall wellbeing  and body health they are related excellent health tap dental physician'  u'i fully recommend dr millner in his field of dentistry as he seems to care deeply about his treatments & advice for patients great colleague and asset to the healthtap community!'  u'dr milliner is an active and valuable member of the healthtap community he provides prompt and thoughtful answers and has helped thousands of patients'  uthis cosmetic dentist gives his knowledge whenever there's a question in his area of expertise  he is patient-oriented  very helpful and supportive  u'dr millner displays knowledge and compassion in his answers to these personal questions  he has earned a outstanding reputation among his peers']
1924,[u'dr sung clearly has significant expertise in podiatry  he is providing a great service to the public on health tap i recommend dr sung'  u'dr sung is a great podiatrist and you can count on him for accurate diagnosis and treatment options for all foot and ankle problems!'  u'very thoughtful  intelligent  kind  respected expert\r\ni highly recommend him'  u'highly recommended excellent  concise  and timely answers!'  u'excellent posts and always educational'  u'great timely responses']
1925,[u'dr weinzapfel is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1926,[u'dr liberman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr liberman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1927,[u'i am so glad that dr kamnani has joined our healthtap family she is very knowledgeable in the field of obstetrics and gynecology she is providing a real service to the public i endorse dr kamnani'  u'very accurate and timely responses'  u'thank you!']
1928,[ui am always impressed with dr selter's answers on health tap he is very knowledgeable  with thorough and concise answers!  u'dr selter is very knowledgeable and caring  i highly recommend him'  u'thanks for your valuable contributions']
1929,[u'dr chen provides an exceptional public service on healthtap he is clearly extremely knowledgable about neurosurgery i learn from reading the information he presents on health tap i recommend dr chen'  uhas always taken time for me when i've called to request help off him  has always treated me as a respected colleague and i'm grateful to know he's there for me should my patients' needs arisenn  u'dr chen provides articulate  helpful answers about complicated neurosurgical/neurological topics  he writes calmly and respectfully too  thank you  dr chen!'  u'thank you dr chen for sharing your expertise with all of us  i appreciate very much'  ui appreciate dr chen's cogent and accurate advice much to learn from him  u'clearly a very knowledgeable and caring physician  highly recommended']
1930,[u'great and caring doctor  up to date with skills'  u'i recommend this physician']
1931,[u'great answers  thank you!']
1932,[u'i endorse this dentist i have had the privilege and pleasure of knowing dr sandler for close to 20 years my experiences of working with him have been always positive patient feedback is always exceptional and patients expectations have been met and exceeded he is a kind  caring and compassionate man who seeks perfection in his work dr sandler is constantly being educated with the newest knowledge and techniques in his field'  ui have followed dr sandler's comments to patients and practitioners alike for several months his answers to patients are caring  thorough  and obviously fully researched his advice to practioners is spot on--a trusted and erudite member of the dental community it is a privilege to include him in my network of health care providers and resources  u'dr sandler provides excellent advice to patients and peers his advice is consistent with a high standard of care his answers to questions on this site are well thought out and consistent with the kind of care i expect in a true dental professional it is my pleasure to endorse him'  u'dr sandler is that one of a kind of professional that unfortunately is sometimes hard to find  his expertise and professionalism is outstanding and seems to only follow his heart and compassion for patients  i am proud to have met dr sandler and i can not recommend him enough'  ui have been impressed by dr sandler's professionalism  he responds with care and passion and often goes beyond the call of duty in providing useful information in his answers  i consider his patients to be lucky to have him as their dentist i endorse him without reservations  ui know dr sandler from the avvo community and i have experienced his commitment to his patients and dentistry it's rare to find someone who makes an active effort to improve the field and it is from this that i am confident that dr sandler will not disappoint]
1933,[u'great dentist precise responses']
1934,[u'dr  klugman has a vast fund of knowledge that allows for effectively contributing to this online community of health'  u'i have known dr klugman for many decades  he is a fine dentist'  u'great doc!!']
1935,[u'dr brian santin is knowledgable dedicated and inspiring professional i endorse this doctor']
1936,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
1937,[u'i am constantly impressed by the outstanding informative  to the point  common sense  articulate answers given by dr van der werff  his expertise is evident and his patients are truly lucky to have him as their dentist'  u'great answers! i love this dentist i learn from him\r\nsmart  caring  to-the-point answers a great contributor to health tap\r\nhighly recommend'  u'great  thoughtful answers very knowledgeable a pleasure to have in my network'  u'very thorough and precise recommend highly'  u'great doctor!!']
1938,[u'i highly endorse dr david lipkin as an expert consultant on both healthtap and healthtap prime his commentaries are insightful   astute and educational  for both patients and physicians alike he is an asset to the healthtap comminity'  u'dr lipkin provides patients with caring  accurate and thoughtful advice  highly recommend  one of the best physicians on healthtap'  u'dr lipkin  is caring  helpful and has a wealth of knowledge that he shares with patients and colleagues thank you!'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  udr lipkin's holistic approach definitely speaks wisdom  he cares  u'gives excellent caring advice']
1939,[u'dr druy is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr druy is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1940,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
1941,[u'dr canale is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr canale is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1942,[u'dr hernandez is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr hernandez is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr hernandez is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr hernandez is fast  to the point and very helpful :0)'  u'logical  thoughtful  well explained answer'  u'great doctor! very detailed answers!']
1943,[ui came to dr pelton on the recommendation of dr puckett \n\ni was treated very well from the very first minute i walked in everyone was very positive and friendly\n\ni really appreciated the way all the staff members worked together as a team it was obviously an office they all enjoyed working in thanks for a great experience and a good dr visit \n\nwhen it came time to pay my bill i was amazed at how quickly that was taken care of and i had been well prepared from my initial phone call for an appointment what my responsibility would be  \n\nthanks for the great experience i walked out of this office feeling very positive and ready to tell others that might need dr pelton's help i will definitely come back if another problem he can help me with comes along  unot only would i recommend dr pelton but i already have more than three times his office staff have answered all my questions with care to insurance and procedures and time lines to perfection dr pelton has answered all my concerns and was very direct to each question  i never felt rushed or that i wasn't the most important patient he had\nhis work is flawless and i have had many complements  u'dr pelton is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1944,[u'dr rajpal is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr rajpal is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1945,[u'dr king is leader in the field of phlebology   and has contributed significant original research to forward our understanding of the field dr king is knowledgeable   caring dedicated good humored and much more dr king embodies the best attributes of a physician and surgeon'  u'dr king stands amongst the best in the field of phlebology he is a compassionate  trustworthy  dedicated and competent physician'  ualways excellent trustworthy and well written meaningful answers to patient's questions an wonderful physician asset on this site  u'dr king is a most professional   knowledgable and caring physician who deserves great respect\ndr marsha davis'  u'dr king is a well-respected authority on the treatment of chronic venous disease'  u'intelligent  respected expert in phlebology and other areas\r\nhighly recommend']
1946,[u'the diagnosis and treatment of chronic pain is a fascinating science dr brijesh chandwani is closing a gap that exists between medicine and dentistry he improves the lives of the chronically ill orofacial pain patients and  inspires physicians to higher levels of achievement i am learning a lot from dr brijesh chandwani 5 stars! highly recommended!'  u'obviously a very knowledgeable  dedicated and caring orofacial pain specialist thorough and helpful answers and advice'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'very knowledgable doctor   great answers and a great doctor to follow!']
1947,[u'i am grateful to drgrin for educating not only myself  but all of us here at healthtap about pain management  and  moreover  i am grateful to him for his openness to the effects of psychotherapy i have encountered many pain practitioners who devalue therapy as being unneeded  and that medication solves everything no so for dr grin  and i am relieved he is more forward thinking & collaborative!'  u'what a great guy  excellent physician  wonderful colleague and all around genius in the area of pain as well in a surprising range of other areas  i learn from him every day and have recommended that my own daughter read his information to help sort out her tmj  he does not hesitate to tackle any question and returns clear explanations of the most complex issues seasoned with true compassion'  u'dr grin is a wonderful colleague and physician he is knowledgeable in multiple areas not only in the scope of pain management his genuine compassion is evident not only in the way he cares for patients  but for the community of physicians here on healthtap as well we are all lucky to have him share his wisdom with us!'  u'i am endorsing dr grin he is providing an excellent service to the public on healthtap the medical information  dr grin provides is accurate & understandable dr grin is clearly very knowledgeable about pain management and medicine in general'  uhave been reading dr grin's responses and have been impressed with his lucid explanations of issues that are difficult to explain to non-medical personnel he is thorough  concise  and provides excellent advice  u'i highly endorse dr paul grin as a healthtap and healthtap prime as an expert his commentaries and clinical insights are astute and educational to both patients and physicians he is an asset to our community']
1948,[u'excellent knowledge source in dr rayson']
1949,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'a great doc helpful answers thank you!'  u'great responses']
1950,[u'highly recommend dr honore  his answers are extremely thoughtful and he provides an extensive amount of education in his answers  would definitely seek his advice for obstetrics  gynecology  infertility and reproductive endocrinology  exceptional physician'  u'accurate common-sense responses to some difficult questions makes this physician a valuable source of information on healthtap  he appears not only to have an extensive knowledge base but indicates empathy for the problems confronting his questioners'  u'dr honore provides an exceptional public service on healthtap he is extremely knowledgable about fertility his responses are mindful  clear  helpful and accurate i learn alot from the information he provides i recommend dr  honore'  u'dr honore is an excellent and experienced physician who i have personally known since 1999 and we were partners at uthscsa i recommend him without reservations'  u'i have worked with dr honore for at least 10 years and can say without reservations that he is outstanding with his bedside manor and his surgical ability!'  u'a caring  accomplished professional  whose answer are accurate and timely  for the couple in stressful situation highly recommend dr honore!']
1951,[u'dr mcgee is an excellent  compassionate medical oncologist i strongly endorse him']
1952,[udr werner is a highly knowledgeable  compassionate and caring physician (cardiologist) who has helped countless people on healthtap his thank you notes are a testimony to how much the people he helps appreciate him i'd like to add my thank you too  u'this highly knowledgeable physician is amazingly articulate and responds to complex questions with clear and easily understood explanations would certainly use him as my cardiologist if he were closer'  u'knowledgeable  dedicated  experienced  and caring excellent and to the point answers and advice a real asset to the healthtap community thank you for your contributions'  u'i have known dr werner and follow his experty in cardiovascular health since i joined healthtap he is a knowledgeable and dedicated physician whom i highly recommend'  u'excellent   well explained and timely responses  he is highly recognized in the  cardiology  community and a terrific clinical resource for healthtap'  u'dr werner provides among the best answers on health tap his answers are accurate  understandable  always informative  reliable and compassionate']
1953,[u'dr bey clearly has an exceptional knowledge base of psychiatry he provides a valuable service to the public through health tap  i recommend dr bey'  u'great response and highly recommended- dave'  u'good answers  provide helpful feedback']
1954,[ui enjoy reading dr earle's answers and find myself agreeing and often learninfg something  he is clear  thorough and up to date  i recommend him as an excellent resource for your surgical questions  u'he is a surgical expert who is knowledgeablegroin hernia  hiatal hernia  hernia repair  hernia  gastroesophageal reflux disease\r\nwe are fortunate to have him contributing to the health tap community'  u'fast  fantastic answers to often complex questions  truly an asset to the medical community a true national leader in general surgery'  u'i recommend you as a well know expert in your field\r\ndr jakavick would recommend this dr to all who seek their expertise'  u'dr earle always provides reliable  excellent and accurate answers george klauber'  u'excellent and personable surgeon  highly regarded and expert in reflux treatments']
1955,[u'dr youmans is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr youmans is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1956,[u'i have been following dr singh\'s answers for some time and am impressed in how easily his answers get right to the heart of the questions you might say that his answers all have a certain pop to them'  u'your dedication and commitment to providing quality health consultation on healthtap is greatly admired and a true benefit to your patients keep up the good work'  udr singh provides very informative answers that are right on track with the questions asked  he's a wonderful asset to the healthtap community!  u'dr singh  addresses patient questions in a concise  clear manner  with  links for additional information  excellent physician!'  u'prolific and insightful  dr singh is an important contributor valued by his patients and his physician colleagues'  u'i recommend this doctor  very insightful and i learn something new from these answers']
1957,[u'dr blatman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr blatman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1958,[u'very accurate and timely answers']
1959,[u'dr wachsman is an excellent  caring internist  his background in pharmacology and research make him an ideal consultant for difficult cases'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'insightful responses that addresses patients concerns clearly great doc!'  u'great answer!']
1960,[u'i have been impressed with dr minich pointed answers with knowledge  depth  wit  and kindness so  i highly recommend her to anyone looking for care / service from her specialty without reservation \r\n\r\n(james) chin-ti lin  md'  u'dr minich is a dedicated doctor  who has been actively answering complex medical questions with compassion  and insight she provides practical and solutions  and recommendations for patients great healthteam expert'  u'i highly endorse dr diane mimich as an expert in her field and as an asset to the healthtap community of experts she is knowledgeable  insightful and empathetic i think that she is an asset  to our physician panel'  u'i have learned a great deal from dr minich here on healthtap and have learned a great deal from her thoughtful  expert  and helpful answers to her patients i look forward to learning more from her!'  u'i recommend dr minich she is providing a valuable service to the public via healthtap she provides sensible  accurate and respectful input i endorse dr minich'  u'dr minich is an extremely knowledgeable physician who obviously care greatly for her patients and their health she is a terrific asset to the healthtap community!']
1961,[u'dr samuel is obviously a well trained physician with both academic honors and publications to his credit his answers on healthtap not only demonstrate this wealth of knowledge but also reflect the compassion with which he without a doubt treats his patients'  u'i endorse this doctor dr samuel consistently provides excellent medical information and guidance as a public service via avvocom it is clear from his entries that he has a wide breath of knowledge'  u'dr milroy is very attentive and obviously dedicated to educating and helping patients additionally  he has been very interactive with my virtual practice in a most collegial way'  u'dr samuel is a thoughtful and knowledgeable practitioner who is dedicated to providing  his patients and the public with  up to date  information  and medical education'  u'dr samuel  is an excellent  doctor  he is skilled \r\nknowledgeable & caring  physician  and he is accessible with his expertise  here at health tap'  ui have enjoyed reading dr samuel's answers on healthtap his practice is using social media in an impressive and progressive way]
1962,[u'i highly endorse dr jeffrey bassman as an expert on health tap and healthtap prime his comments and insights are educational for both patients and physicians he is an asset to the healthtap community'  u'dr bassman is an extremely knowledgeable and dedicated dentist excellent answers and advice'  u'very knowledgable  fantastic answers with quick responses\nexcellent  excellent doctor!'  u'excellent responses to questions and very supportive of patients strongly recommended'  u'i highly recommend dr bassman and thank you for your contributions to healthtap'  u'a very knowledgable and compassionate doctor always gives very sound advice']
1963,[u'dr warren is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr warren is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr warren is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'received a useful reply in regards to some medication questions i had'  u'made it such an easy process super friendly'  u'good doctor who genuinely cares']
1964,[u'dr taylor is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr taylor is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'this is very useful information  thank you dr taylor']
1965,[u'i highly endorse dr jeffrey bassman as an expert on health tap and healthtap prime his comments and insights are educational for both patients and physicians he is an asset to the healthtap community'  u'dr bassman is an extremely knowledgeable and dedicated dentist excellent answers and advice'  u'very knowledgable  fantastic answers with quick responses\nexcellent  excellent doctor!'  u'excellent responses to questions and very supportive of patients strongly recommended'  u'i highly recommend dr bassman and thank you for your contributions to healthtap'  u'a very knowledgable and compassionate doctor always gives very sound advice']
1966,[u'dr cortte is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr cortte is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1967,[udr jackson provides compassionate  accurate  and helpful answers on healthtap  i'm glad she's here educating both patients and her colleagues!  u'i enjoy reading her posts---she is an asset to healthtap'  u'i endorse this doctor']
1968,[u'very intelligent  kind answers\r\nhighly recommend']
1969,[u'dr jhangiani is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr jhangiani is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1970,[uimpressed by answers which convey an expanded perspective regarding complex clinical issues  providing doctor education  and patient understanding  these approaches reify the value of dr jaren's contributions to healthtap  udr jaren gives intelligent  thoughtful and easy to understand answers  he's a great resource  especially for neurologic questions  u'based upon the materials presented  dr jaren has reputable training and experience'  u'very knowledgeable physician with great resources  recommend without reservation!'  u'dr jaren is a great physician and educator thanks for all you do on healthtap'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
1971,nan
1972,[u'dr reddy is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1973,[u'i strongly recommend dr mccarren the information he provides is both helpful to the general public and to his fellow physicians on health tap he is clearly very knowledgable about neurology & medicine in general'  u'dr mccarren responds with thorough yet easy-to-comprehend answers to neurological questions  i learn a lot from him here on healthtap  and very much appreciate his presence'  u'very comprehensive and timely answers he is nationally known for his expertise'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
1974,[u'knowledgeable expert in internal medicine highly recommend']
1975,[u'i have been impressed with dr minich pointed answers with knowledge  depth  wit  and kindness so  i highly recommend her to anyone looking for care / service from her specialty without reservation \r\n\r\n(james) chin-ti lin  md'  u'dr minich is a dedicated doctor  who has been actively answering complex medical questions with compassion  and insight she provides practical and solutions  and recommendations for patients great healthteam expert'  u'i highly endorse dr diane mimich as an expert in her field and as an asset to the healthtap community of experts she is knowledgeable  insightful and empathetic i think that she is an asset  to our physician panel'  u'i have learned a great deal from dr minich here on healthtap and have learned a great deal from her thoughtful  expert  and helpful answers to her patients i look forward to learning more from her!'  u'i recommend dr minich she is providing a valuable service to the public via healthtap she provides sensible  accurate and respectful input i endorse dr minich'  u'dr minich is an extremely knowledgeable physician who obviously care greatly for her patients and their health she is a terrific asset to the healthtap community!']
1976,[u'great answers!']
1977,[u'dr hunter offers excellent patient advice on a broad range of medical topics in a clear and concise manner  his insightful replies to other health tap physicians infectious disease questions is much appreciated'  u'dr hhunter handsfield is an excellent physician he is passionate physician the top of his field and very knowledgeable'  u'very knowledgeable about hiv  matter of fact answers']
1978,[u'very knowledgeable thank you for your input'  u'an excellent physician  very knowledgeable'  u'helpful! thank you']
1979,[u'with an abundance of experience  keen insight  razor sharp mind and unquestionable compassion   dr zimon contributes a wealth of information to enhance the knowledge of patients and doctors  he shares the perspective of one who has seen the science of medicine completely change over the years and the foresight of one who can take these years of science and predict what is coming'  u'dr zimon clearly know his stuff and shares openly with both colleagues and patients alike we are fortunate to have him here on healthtap!'  u'i endorse dr zimon  with a keen knowledge of internal medicine  he is providing an excellent service to the public via healthtap'  u'great answers from a clinician with a wealth of experience and expressed with an unmistakable passion for his patients welfare'  u'offers insightful advice and knowledge from one who is well founded and experienced in medicine'  u'experience  knowledge and keen insight']
1980,[u'he has excellent knowledge  judgement  know-how  and healthtap answers! a terrific combination of practical wisdom and scholarly experience'  u'excellent cardiologist  his posts are always informative for patients'  u'very helpful answers!']
1981,[u'excellent healthtap physician with educated  thoughtful  precise and in-depth answers  great bedside manner  highly recommend'  u'dr lawson is a very knowledgeable and compassionate doctor always enjoy reading her insightful answers highly recommended'  u'very expert responses']
1982,[u'very quick to help   very clear and helped me get the help i needed \n wish he was my gp'  u'dr yetimyan is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr yetimyan is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'thank you for giving me advice godbless you always'  u'update yourself with new hiv test methodology']
1983,[u'thoughtful and knowledgeable responses to difficult questions make dr kimm one of the best physicians to whom such issues can be addressed'  u'fast  fantastic answers to often complex questions  truly an asset to the medical community a true national leader in urology'  ui appreciate dr kimm's comprehensive approach and learn from his thoughtful answers a real healthtap asset!  u'highly thorough and informative responses  excellent credentials recommend without hesitation'  u'excellent  reliable answers  i would not hesitate sending patients to dr kimm'  u'highly motivated and concerned for his clients- dave']
1984,[u'dr turrisi is a world leader in the field of radiation oncology  and has invented the standard of care in the treatment of many disease  most famously small cell lung cancer one of my greatest professional regrets is that i failed to convince him to serve as chairman of our department'  u'a renaissance man and physician loquacious with content and humor and a scholar of lung cancer and medicine in general'  u'detroit is lucky to have such a good doc!'  u'an excellent physicain'  u'excellent physician!']
1985,[u'great answers thank you very helpful in touching so many lives!']
1986,[u'an excellent contributor to health tap thank you for your contributions'  u'very helpful answers  a caring physician thank you!'  u'a special doctor with a good heart'  u'great doc']
1987,[u'i strongly recommend him for pediatric advice!']
1988,[u'dr destefano is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr destefano is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1989,[u'the words wildly talented clearly apply to dr rao i find him to be world class in his work and highly personable with great bedside manner i recommend him vigorously to both colleagues and patients alike on healthtap!'  udr rao has an incredible knowledge of general medicine in addition to his speciality of surgery  his thoughtful answers reveal a knowledgeable and caring physician i value dr rao's contributions on health tap  u'i fully recommend dr rao to anyone needing his help as he has provided wonderful answers and seems to care deeply about his field of medicine  great physician and colleague!'  u'dr rao provides an outstanding public service on healthtap dr rao is very knowledgable about general surgery and medicine in general i recommend dr rao'  u'i appreciate dr rao  caring knowledgeable help to both the patients and doctors alike on healthtap  thank you dr rao!'  u'recognized eminence  dr rao has helped tons of people get better through his thoughtful answers and wise advice']
1990,nan
1991,[u'dr daniel has provided many succinct and careful answers to questions as a neurosurgeon  i learn about some of the nuances in radiologic interpretations from dr daniel'  ui look forward to dr daniel's insights whenever i find a question he has answered  he helps both the patients and the doctors on healthtap  ui'd like to thank dr daniel for his assistance with a curbside consult i had  his insights were very much appreciated!  uvery helpful and insightful responses to patient's questions great to have a very knowledgeable radiologist on this site]
1992,[u'dr  cox has a wonderful skill set and vast clinical experience  she has obviously helped many and facilitated health and peace of mind for lots of families  not only that--she speaks french!  tres bian!'  u'dr katharine s cox is an excellent physician very knowledgeable passionate and on the top of her field she is a great value to the peolpe of tn and to the family of health tap'  u'highly experienced and respected expert in pediatrics and pediatric emergency medicine great answers to questions highly recommend'  u'superb physician  simple and yet very informative answers to patient questions  answers tend to be calming and reassuring'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'dr cox offers succinct  actionable and compassionate advice']
1993,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'highly recommend']
1994,[u'knowledgeablen  helpful and clear responses  thank you for answering the immunization question that continues to surprisingly generate debate!'  ui enjoy and learn a great deal from dr singer's answers a real asset to healthtap!  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'experienced  very well trained and helpful pediatric neurologist'  u'thanks for your valuable contributions'  u'smart doctor\r\ni highly recommend']
1995,[u'this doctors answer was very helpful  i would recommend this doctor    the  input  he put into his answer was excellent'  u'dr rheudasil is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr rheudasil is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
1996,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
1997,[u'fast  fantastic answers to often complex questions  truly an asset to the medical community a true national leader in ophthalmology'  u'virginia is lucky to have such a top doc!'  u'very accurate and useful responses'  u'great answers and comments'  u'good answers'  u'great doc !']
1998,[u'wonderful doctor and great colleague here on healthtap']
1999,[u'dr kayvanfar is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr kayvanfar is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'very clever']
2000,[u'i highly recommend dr levitt']
2001,[u'i would recommend and endore dr davantizis without hesitation  dr davantzis does all he can to not only cut through the confusion that patients struggle with  but he does so with well-thought out and meaningful answers  he truly cares not only for his patients  but for the profession of dentistry'  u'i endorse this dentist  i have known dr davantzis professionally and personally for many years  his clinical and interpersonal skills are outstanding  he truly cares for his patients as if they were his own family  i would highly recommend him to anyone in need of dental care'  u'it is a pleasure to speak on behalf of a trusted and proficient colleague whom i have known for 30 years  ted is an intelligent  articulate  compassionate and highly capable clinician  his patients are quite fortunate to have him as their dentist'  u'dr davantzis demonstrates a clear commitment to the dental profession  and to the community his posts on avvo reflect his vast knowledge and expertise  i believe that he is an asset to his profession and to his patients!'  u'i endorse dr davantzis for his ongoing effort to help patients in need of dental advice  for his vast knowledge  and with whom i share his philosophies concerning dental treatment  he is a credit to our profession'  u'dr davantzis gives clear answers and explanantion in a very kind tone  i find myself in agreement with dr davantzis and i endorse this dentist  thank you dr davantzis for your professionalism\nzev kaufman  dds']
2002,[u'dr kaufman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr kaufman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2003,[u'dr kass has consistently shown thoughtful and useful advise to patients in his interactions he is an expert in his field i highly recommend him for your health care needs !'  u'i asked him a question as a colleague and he was prompt to reply with advise  it shows he is committed and really cares'  u'i recommend this doctor  very insightful and i learn something new from these answers'  u'excellent doctor with diagnosis  treatment  surgery with excellent bedside manor'  u'dr kass provides excellent information on podiatry to the public via healthtap'  u'intelligent  accurate  kind answers\r\nhighly recommend']
2004,[uas a family doctor i see a lot of tmj  i have already learned a lot from reading dr bates' answers to questions about treating tmj  he has my recommendation!  u'i commend dr bates for his consistently excellent  thorough  articulate  and to the point advice']
2005,[u'straight forward  easy to understand and accurate answers patients must be loving to have her online dissipating their doubts in such a knowledgeable fashion!'  u'dr palabrica is a very knowledgeable and compassionate doctor who gives practical and sensible advice i enjoy reading her answers highly recommended'  u'i have enjoyed reading your answers they are well thought out and come from a caring physician! i am impressed with your kindness!'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
2006,[u'i have been impressed with dr minich pointed answers with knowledge  depth  wit  and kindness so  i highly recommend her to anyone looking for care / service from her specialty without reservation \r\n\r\n(james) chin-ti lin  md'  u'dr minich is a dedicated doctor  who has been actively answering complex medical questions with compassion  and insight she provides practical and solutions  and recommendations for patients great healthteam expert'  u'i highly endorse dr diane mimich as an expert in her field and as an asset to the healthtap community of experts she is knowledgeable  insightful and empathetic i think that she is an asset  to our physician panel'  u'i have learned a great deal from dr minich here on healthtap and have learned a great deal from her thoughtful  expert  and helpful answers to her patients i look forward to learning more from her!'  u'i recommend dr minich she is providing a valuable service to the public via healthtap she provides sensible  accurate and respectful input i endorse dr minich'  u'dr minich is an extremely knowledgeable physician who obviously care greatly for her patients and their health she is a terrific asset to the healthtap community!']
2007,[u'dr khubchandani is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr khubchandani is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2008,[u'highly recommend dr honore  his answers are extremely thoughtful and he provides an extensive amount of education in his answers  would definitely seek his advice for obstetrics  gynecology  infertility and reproductive endocrinology  exceptional physician'  u'accurate common-sense responses to some difficult questions makes this physician a valuable source of information on healthtap  he appears not only to have an extensive knowledge base but indicates empathy for the problems confronting his questioners'  u'dr honore provides an exceptional public service on healthtap he is extremely knowledgable about fertility his responses are mindful  clear  helpful and accurate i learn alot from the information he provides i recommend dr  honore'  u'dr honore is an excellent and experienced physician who i have personally known since 1999 and we were partners at uthscsa i recommend him without reservations'  u'i have worked with dr honore for at least 10 years and can say without reservations that he is outstanding with his bedside manor and his surgical ability!'  u'a caring  accomplished professional  whose answer are accurate and timely  for the couple in stressful situation highly recommend dr honore!']
2009,[u'being trained  licensed  & board certified both medically (both otolaryngology and facial plastic & reconstructive surgery) and dentally (oral & maxillofacial surgery) drgallia is in possession of an incredibly impressive breadth of training  knowledge  and experience in his field  his answers to questions are clear  precise  & very helpful &it is my pleasure to recommend him very highly indeed'  u'although i live far from dr lou  i have had the chance to see his recommendations  his accolades and his patient satisfaction i highly recommend dr lou for his experience  recognition nationally and his devotion to his community of patients'  u'great doctor he gets right to the point  addresses the issue in a straightforward manner and tells you who to follow up with what more could you want glad to have him here on healthtapcom impressed with his tmj expertise'  u'i have known dr gallia to be extremely knowledgable as an oral surgeon and have been very pleased with the way he has teated my patients  i have no hesitation in recommending him'  u'dr gallia is an expert in his field and i highly recommend searching him out for answers relating to ent  maxillofacial  tmj  and other related areas of interest!'  u'not your basic or all surgeon  best of the best! very experience oral surgeon many additional specialties definitely in good hands and highly recommended!']
2010,[u'dr brasovan  provides outstanding information about gynecology and medicine in general on healthtap i recommend dr barsovan'  u'gives accurate and quick answers a credit to the field of medicine\r\nhighly recommend'  u'excellent doctor who gives informative and nuturing answers to patients'  u'thank you for your support and encouragement!'  u'nice answers  appears to be caring']
2011,[u'i like & appreciate his bag of passion and compassion  his wealth of knowledge  and so  i recommend him to anyone needing  his specialty care with no reservation'  u'a concise answer  compassion and experience is what you will get when dr nguyen answers one of your questions  such a great value to the healthtap community!'  u'very knowledgeable and accurate in his answers impressive commitment to helping patients a great example for the rest of us\r\nhighly recommend'  ui learn a great deal from dr nguyen's answers  and know the patients are benefiting from him too  we're lucky to have him on healthtap!  u'dr nguyen provides an exceptional service to the public (and his fellow physicians) on health tap  i recommend dr nguyen'  u'very informative answers   always quick to respond to patients   definitely a great doctor!']
2012,[u'dr haghighat is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr haghighat is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'i am grateful for this doctor this thanksgiving!']
2013,[u'being trained  licensed  & board certified both medically (both otolaryngology and facial plastic & reconstructive surgery) and dentally (oral & maxillofacial surgery) drgallia is in possession of an incredibly impressive breadth of training  knowledge  and experience in his field  his answers to questions are clear  precise  & very helpful &it is my pleasure to recommend him very highly indeed'  u'although i live far from dr lou  i have had the chance to see his recommendations  his accolades and his patient satisfaction i highly recommend dr lou for his experience  recognition nationally and his devotion to his community of patients'  u'great doctor he gets right to the point  addresses the issue in a straightforward manner and tells you who to follow up with what more could you want glad to have him here on healthtapcom impressed with his tmj expertise'  u'i have known dr gallia to be extremely knowledgable as an oral surgeon and have been very pleased with the way he has teated my patients  i have no hesitation in recommending him'  u'dr gallia is an expert in his field and i highly recommend searching him out for answers relating to ent  maxillofacial  tmj  and other related areas of interest!'  u'not your basic or all surgeon  best of the best! very experience oral surgeon many additional specialties definitely in good hands and highly recommended!']
2014,[u'i endorse dr harte communicates very well extensive knowledge of family practice & medicine in general accurate spot on is providing an excellent service to the public via healthtap'  u'dr harte has consistently shown thoughtful and useful advice to patients in her interactions she is an expert in her field i highly recommend her for your health care needs !'  u'dr lieas harte is a very thorough  intelligent  and caring physician  she is an asset to healthtap  and the the medical community  i highly recommend this brilliant doctor'  u'dr liesa harte has an excellent reputation to responding to questions and communicating with her fellow colleagues  high doc score that continues to rise'  u'dr liesa has great insight and passion for integrative and functional approaches to medical disorders!'  u'widely respected expert in many areas of medicine very responsive to patients highly recommend']
2015,[u'i have been impressed with dr minich pointed answers with knowledge  depth  wit  and kindness so  i highly recommend her to anyone looking for care / service from her specialty without reservation \r\n\r\n(james) chin-ti lin  md'  u'dr minich is a dedicated doctor  who has been actively answering complex medical questions with compassion  and insight she provides practical and solutions  and recommendations for patients great healthteam expert'  u'i highly endorse dr diane mimich as an expert in her field and as an asset to the healthtap community of experts she is knowledgeable  insightful and empathetic i think that she is an asset  to our physician panel'  u'i have learned a great deal from dr minich here on healthtap and have learned a great deal from her thoughtful  expert  and helpful answers to her patients i look forward to learning more from her!'  u'i recommend dr minich she is providing a valuable service to the public via healthtap she provides sensible  accurate and respectful input i endorse dr minich'  u'dr minich is an extremely knowledgeable physician who obviously care greatly for her patients and their health she is a terrific asset to the healthtap community!']
2016,[u'dr neuberg is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr neuberg is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2017,[u'i recommend you as a well know expert in your field\r\ndr jakavick would recommend this dr to all who seek their expertise'  u'i recommend this doctor  very insightful and i learn something new from these answers'  uanswers patient's questions in a timely manner  very knowledgeable!  u'gives great advice very kind\r\nhighly recommend'  u'very timely and accurate responses'  u'dedicated  knowledgeable  caring']
2018,[u'dr david weissman is an excellent physician  very knowledgeable passionate  and on the top of his field he is a great value to the people of mi  and to the family of health tap']
2019,[u'dr bronicel is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr bronicel is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2020,[u'he has excellent knowledge  judgement  know-how  and healthtap answers! a terrific combination of practical wisdom and scholarly experience'  u'excellent cardiologist  his posts are always informative for patients'  u'very helpful answers!']
2021,[u'dr shaikh is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr shaikh is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2022,[u'dr whitman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr whitman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2023,[u'a compassionate  exceptionally intelligent and knowledgeable physician who thoughtfully engages all his patients in a mutually satisfactory dialogue'  ucertainly eye catching picture ! but beyond that  he'll bend over backwards to do right by you !  u'excellent colleague who gives many great answers on health tap'  u'louisville is lucky to have such a great doc!!'  u'a top doctor an asset to healthtap'  u'very high quality responses']
2024,[u'dr brown is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr brown is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2025,[udr malerman is an invaluable resource for his thorough  sound advice  he has mastered the art of dispensing a large amount of wisdom in 400 words  as he says medical docs don't know much about matters in front of the tonsils  and i learn so much from his posts!  he also is not shy about reinforcing the wisdom of his peers in both the medical and dental profession  u'dr malerman is not only an expert in his field but knows a lot about everything!  he is a welcomed asset to healthtap and a great patient advocate  highly recommended'  u'dr malerman has consistently shown thoughtful and useful advise to patients in his interactions  i highly recommend him for your orthodontic needs !'  udr malerman provides informative  to-the-point responses on healthtap  he's clearly a knowledgeable and caring orthodontist  u'dr  malerman has a vast fund of knowledge that allows for effectively contributing to this online community of health'  u'dr malerman answers truthfully  understandably and is a fountain of vast dental knowledge i doff my hat to him']
2026,[u'dr barrere is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr barrere is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2027,[u'dr cable is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr cable is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2028,[u'dr malvehy is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr malvehy is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2029,[u'dr rubenstein is a highly knowledgeable and compassionate doctor enjoy reading his answers recommended'  u'a very dedicated dentist with years of knowledge and experience'  u'great dentist']
2030,[u'a very knowledgeable dentist with excellent  thorough  to the point and articulate answers and advice'  u'great dds!!']
2031,[u'this guy is a smart  modern and excellent dentist anyone would benefit being under his care!'  u'i endorse this dentist'  u'great dentist!!!']
2032,[u'i have the honor of being associated with dr kaufman in the avvo community  i am postive his patients have made the right choice when they choose him as their dentist  i highly recommend and endorse dr zev kaufman'  udr kaufman is a well respected prosthodontist in the new york metro area who takes time out from his very busy schedule to help those who don't have access to routine dental care and advice  udr kaufman's answers are very informative his dental knowledge and professionalism are commendable avvo is lucky to have his contributions i endorse him without any reservations  u'i endorse dr kaufman his contributions asr very well thought out and he is extreamly knowledgable lynann mastaj  dmd'  udr kaufman's answers show tremendous knowledge and care  u'i endorse this dentist']
2033,[u'dr abuzeni is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr abuzeni is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2034,[u'i recommend this doctor  very insightful and i learn something new from these answers'  u'a top doctor we are lucky to have dr eleczcko contribute to healthtap'  u'knowledgeable  caring  answers well founded in scientific fact'  u'excellent dentist  very informative and helpful answers'  u'a very knowledgeable  dedicated and caring dentist'  u'thanks for your valuable contributions']
2035,[u'dr turrisi is a world leader in the field of radiation oncology  and has invented the standard of care in the treatment of many disease  most famously small cell lung cancer one of my greatest professional regrets is that i failed to convince him to serve as chairman of our department'  u'a renaissance man and physician loquacious with content and humor and a scholar of lung cancer and medicine in general'  u'detroit is lucky to have such a good doc!'  u'an excellent physicain'  u'excellent physician!']
2036,[udrdavis comes to ht with unique medical training background and unique skills  and with that comes her unique answers and insights here on this forum she is a competent  dedicated  compassionate physician and it's truly a pleasure to recommend her  udr davis is a very knowledgeable  hardworking physician she provides helpful  practical responses to all kinds of questions in adult and pediatric medicine  i'm glad to have her as a healthtap colleague  and highly recommend her  u'dr davis has shown a level of caring and straight-forward communication that is rare in doctors today  she is a genuine individual with an obvious dedication to her patients  she has my highest recommendation !'  u'dr davis is very smart and give great advice  her background as a clinical pharmacist certainly enhances her understanding of complex medical conditions and treatments  she has my highest recommendation!'  u'dr davis is an extremely knowledgeable and caring physician and i continue to learn from reading her answers she is an asset to her patients and the healthtap community'  u'a concise answer  compassion and experience is what you will get when dr davis answers one of your questions  such a great value to the healthtap community!']
2037,[u'dr lapsiwala is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr lapsiwala is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2038,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'great responses accurate']
2039,[u'a concise answer  compassion and experience is what you will get when dr koos answers one of your questions  such a great value to the healthtap community!'  u'outstanding knowledge  dedication and concern for patients thorough  to the point answers and advice i highly recommend'  u'impressive and educational posts---i would highly recommend him  he is an asset to healthtap'  u'dr koos is a caring doctor he takes time to answer patient inquiry with compassion'  u'very timely and useful responses'  u'very talented physician']
2040,[u'dr taylor is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr taylor is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2041,[u'i strongly recommend dr mccarren the information he provides is both helpful to the general public and to his fellow physicians on health tap he is clearly very knowledgable about neurology & medicine in general'  u'dr mccarren responds with thorough yet easy-to-comprehend answers to neurological questions  i learn a lot from him here on healthtap  and very much appreciate his presence'  u'very comprehensive and timely answers he is nationally known for his expertise'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
2042,[u'this was very helpful thanks! good thorough reply hope you can help with others i send i am a good heathtap contributor bye!'  u'this was very helpful thanks! in south florida  general dentists act as specialists and do root canals (without proper magnification); do some of what a periodontist does and an omfs specialists are being put out of business!'  u'this was very helpful thanks!'  u'this was very helpful thanks!']
2043,[u'dr schmidt is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr schmidt is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2044,[u'insightful responses that addresses patients concerns clearly great doc!']
2045,[u'thanks doctor for help but can treat this account of sperm if you can i follow you to treat and i have all of analasys you need and ultra sound to testes\nbest regard'  u'dr smith is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr smith is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2046,[u'sir i have pain in left side of body like left neck left shoulder lower bellyplease suggest what to doits been 5 years #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower4'  u'dr harvey is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr harvey is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2047,[uimpressed by answers which convey an expanded perspective regarding complex clinical issues  providing doctor education  and patient understanding  these approaches reify the value of dr jaren's contributions to healthtap  udr jaren gives intelligent  thoughtful and easy to understand answers  he's a great resource  especially for neurologic questions  u'based upon the materials presented  dr jaren has reputable training and experience'  u'very knowledgeable physician with great resources  recommend without reservation!'  u'dr jaren is a great physician and educator thanks for all you do on healthtap'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
2048,[u'dr chung is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr chung is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2049,[u'dr chen provides an exceptional public service on healthtap he is clearly extremely knowledgable about neurosurgery i learn from reading the information he presents on health tap i recommend dr chen'  uhas always taken time for me when i've called to request help off him  has always treated me as a respected colleague and i'm grateful to know he's there for me should my patients' needs arisenn  u'dr chen provides articulate  helpful answers about complicated neurosurgical/neurological topics  he writes calmly and respectfully too  thank you  dr chen!'  u'thank you dr chen for sharing your expertise with all of us  i appreciate very much'  ui appreciate dr chen's cogent and accurate advice much to learn from him  u'clearly a very knowledgeable and caring physician  highly recommended']
2050,[u'great and caring doctor  up to date with skills'  u'i recommend this physician']
2051,[u'i really enjoy reading the information dr bonuel provides  he has a holistic approach and clearly is capable of thinking outside the box in a way that really benefits patients  he is providing an excellent service to the public via healthtap  i recommend dr bonuel'  u'dr bonuel provides concise answers  and links for patients to learn more about their issues  and is an excellent doctor appreciate him being part of the health tap team of outstanding doctors'  u'i fully recommend dr bonuel to anyone needing his help as he seems to care deeply about his field of internal medicine great physician and colleague and asset to the community at healthtap!'  u'dr bonuel is a caring  knowledgeable physician who shares his time on healthtap generously  he answers questions with the whole person in mind  i recommend dr bonuel'  udr bonuel's posts are always thought provoking  one can truly see the commitment and passion to medicine  keep the great answers coming  u'thank you for caring and helping the health tap community of patients and doctors!  keep up the great job!']
2052,[ui highly recommend dr killian for his dedication and excellent and straightforward responses on healthtap he is clearly very knowledgeable in the area of human sexuality and sexually transmitted diseases as well as in men's health and excellent addition to the healthtap team  ui see dr k on line often giving expert and knowledgeable advice from a variety of topics including : human immunodeficiency virus  sexually transmitted infections  aids  gay  lesbian and transgender health  men's health he is a major contributer to the health tap community  udr killian has a vast amount of knowledge and a great ability to separate the wheat from the chaff in answering questions with clarity and wit i appreciate learning from him as much as i'm sure the readers do  too  u'dr killian is informative  clear  compassionate and interesting i look forward to seeing his replies and comments i always learn things that are helpful and often thought provoking a great resource!'  u'dr killian is very knowledgeable and his answers are a great resource to patients here on health tap  i find myself learning a lot from reading his entries'  u'outstanding and to the point answers and advice obviously a very knowledgeable  caring and dedicated doctor']
2053,[udr malerman is an invaluable resource for his thorough  sound advice  he has mastered the art of dispensing a large amount of wisdom in 400 words  as he says medical docs don't know much about matters in front of the tonsils  and i learn so much from his posts!  he also is not shy about reinforcing the wisdom of his peers in both the medical and dental profession  u'dr malerman is not only an expert in his field but knows a lot about everything!  he is a welcomed asset to healthtap and a great patient advocate  highly recommended'  u'dr malerman has consistently shown thoughtful and useful advise to patients in his interactions  i highly recommend him for your orthodontic needs !'  udr malerman provides informative  to-the-point responses on healthtap  he's clearly a knowledgeable and caring orthodontist  u'dr  malerman has a vast fund of knowledge that allows for effectively contributing to this online community of health'  u'dr malerman answers truthfully  understandably and is a fountain of vast dental knowledge i doff my hat to him']
2054,[u'very thoughtful extremely knowledgeable a great doctor a great human being it is my pleasure to be able to write this recommendation'  u'dr rafat provides excellent information on podiatry to the public via healthtap'  u'dr raft enjoys his practice and wants to share his knowledge-dave'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
2055,[u'i recommend you as a well know expert in your field\r\ndr jakavick would recommend this dr to all who seek their expertise'  u'thank you for adding me to your network your advice shows knowledge and caring!'  u'intelligent  caring  expert well-respected\r\nhighly recommend'  u'knowledgable  caring and helpful answers'  u'i recommend this physician!'  u'i recommend this doctor']
2056,[u'dr mcclurg is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2057,[u'dr kaufman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr kaufman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2058,[u'seems compassionate through his answer actually answered my question most do not answer  they just say ask your doctor this app is supposed to get us answers from professionals i recommend dr adigopula!'  u'dr adigopula is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr adigopula is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr adigopula is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'i am grateful for this doctor this thanksgiving!']
2059,[u'dr rakinic is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr rakinic is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'gives thorough information']
2060,[u'finding a dentist who is intelligent  caring  up to date on the latest technology and highly skilled is a rarity  dr shvartsman i can wholeheartedly say  is all of the above  i have worked with him in the past and each and every patient who leaves his office raves about the care they received  his intentions are always best for his patients and it is without reservation that i recommend him'  u'dr a shvartsman is very educated physician with up to date knowledge in a vast variety of dentistry fields with a good sense of humor'  u'i have known dr  shavers man for years he has always been a dedicated and knowledgable professional'  u'dr swartsman provides excellent & reliable answers regarding all aspects of dentistry'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'dr shvartsman is a highly skilled and compassionate dentist']
2061,[u'dr ochev is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr ochev is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2062,[u'dr newman provides knowledgable and concise responses that are to the point  yet empathic i highly recommend him'  u'very thoughtful ob with a great approach to the person  not just the case'  u'nice answers  appears to be caring']
2063,[u'dr holly maes is an excellent pediatrician and she has a wealth of experience which spans across specialties her answers are practical  concise  and intuitive she is also kind and caring as evidenced in her responses i am delighted to have dr maes as my colleague on healthtap!'  u'excellent well thought out answers an excellent resource for patients and an asset to healthtap anybody who takes their personal time  to answer patient questions and does so without anything in return is fine by me'  u'dr maes provides superb  detailed when necessary & accurate answers par excellance  to very wide range of both pediatric & adult questions i would thus like to endorse with the highest possible recommendation'  u'dr maes answers to difficult pediatric questions are educational for both patient and fellow physicians alikeshe is a wonderful asset to the healthtap community highly recommended!'  u'dr holly maes is accurate and succinct in her answers her background and experience clearly shines!  i highly recommend her!   dr don e millner magd ficoi'  u'i highly recommend dr maes  she provides thoughtful answers and is a wonderful resource for us on health tap i am thankful to be her colleague']
2064,[u'great doc good advice!'  u'colleague  nuc- doc!']
2065,[u'dr oscar novick is an excellent pediatrician who demonstrates a wide-breadth of knowledge across medical specialties his responses are concise  practical  and insightful and i look forward to reading them additionally he is kind and caring as reflected in his answers i am happy to have dr novick as my colleague on healthtap!'  ui like & admire dr novick 's vastness of passion & compassion  wealth in his specialty knowledge  and keen instinct to conjecture useful solutions beyond available facts so  i recommend him without reservation to anyone in need for his specialty care and service \r\n\r\n(james) chin-ti lin  md  u'dr novick is clearly has an outstanding knowledge of pediatrics he is providing an excellent service to the public via healhtap the information he provides is understandable  accurate & compassionate i endorse dr novick'  u'excellent well thought out answers an excellent resource for patients and an asset to healthtap anybody who takes their personal time  to answer patient questions and does so without anything in return is fine by me'  u'i am always amazed at his breadth of knowledge in pediatrics- it is obvious from his answers and online presence  he is an expert in pediatrics and a value to the health tap community'  u'dr novick has my highest recommendation he is a well respected pediatrician in his community and it is great to see  expertise and insights shared on health tap']
2066,[uday after day  dr fowler answers scads of patient questions tirelessly while managing to handle each one with care and thoughtfulness she's earned the respect and admiration of many docs here as both a colleague and a leader - one who readily cheers us on and one who humanizes us all with the funny and folksy expressions that dot her answers (whoah nelly  indeed!)  hats off to dr fowler!  uwhen a physician has so many colleagues who admire her and her work  it should not be a surprise that she is an outstanding doctor but dr fowler has that something extra that almost seems magical she's a true humanitarian  and i consider it a blessing to have her be part of the healthtap community here's to you dr fowler  for all you are and do for patients and colleagues alike cheers!  ui've had the opportunity to interact with dr fowler for the last several months on the former avvo health website where she was the top doc bar none her answers to psychiatric questions are spot on and serve as an excellent source of information for non-psychiatrists this is complemented by her overall fund of general medical knowledge which she dispenses in a compassionate manner  uwow!  i decided to read the recommendations from other doctors before writing mine  five minutes later i still have not gotten to the bottom of the list  hard to add to all of this but i must say i love reading dr fowler's responses  concise  to the point and done with a sense of compassion and an endearing sense of humor  i highly recommend her and learn a lot from her  u'dr fowler is a conscientious contributor to the community  providing insightful opinions to people in need although many physicians are perhaps skeptical of the services this  and other medical information websites provide  there are a growing number of disenfranchised people out there who need some help  understanding  and kindness dr fowler helps provide all three'  ui only know dr fowler from interacting with her on avvocom  reading her answers  i can't help but sense the deep compassion this fine doctor possesses  she goes out of her way to answer people's questions  and will research topics that are not even in her area of expertise to provide assistance dr fowler comes across as a great doctor and a wonderful human being!]
2067,[u'dr levenson is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr levenson is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2068,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'great doc !']
2069,[ui enjoy reading dr earle's answers and find myself agreeing and often learninfg something  he is clear  thorough and up to date  i recommend him as an excellent resource for your surgical questions  u'he is a surgical expert who is knowledgeablegroin hernia  hiatal hernia  hernia repair  hernia  gastroesophageal reflux disease\r\nwe are fortunate to have him contributing to the health tap community'  u'fast  fantastic answers to often complex questions  truly an asset to the medical community a true national leader in general surgery'  u'i recommend you as a well know expert in your field\r\ndr jakavick would recommend this dr to all who seek their expertise'  u'dr earle always provides reliable  excellent and accurate answers george klauber'  u'excellent and personable surgeon  highly regarded and expert in reflux treatments']
2070,[u'being trained  licensed  & board certified both medically (both otolaryngology and facial plastic & reconstructive surgery) and dentally (oral & maxillofacial surgery) drgallia is in possession of an incredibly impressive breadth of training  knowledge  and experience in his field  his answers to questions are clear  precise  & very helpful &it is my pleasure to recommend him very highly indeed'  u'although i live far from dr lou  i have had the chance to see his recommendations  his accolades and his patient satisfaction i highly recommend dr lou for his experience  recognition nationally and his devotion to his community of patients'  u'great doctor he gets right to the point  addresses the issue in a straightforward manner and tells you who to follow up with what more could you want glad to have him here on healthtapcom impressed with his tmj expertise'  u'i have known dr gallia to be extremely knowledgable as an oral surgeon and have been very pleased with the way he has teated my patients  i have no hesitation in recommending him'  u'dr gallia is an expert in his field and i highly recommend searching him out for answers relating to ent  maxillofacial  tmj  and other related areas of interest!'  u'not your basic or all surgeon  best of the best! very experience oral surgeon many additional specialties definitely in good hands and highly recommended!']
2071,[u'being trained  licensed  & board certified both medically (both otolaryngology and facial plastic & reconstructive surgery) and dentally (oral & maxillofacial surgery) drgallia is in possession of an incredibly impressive breadth of training  knowledge  and experience in his field  his answers to questions are clear  precise  & very helpful &it is my pleasure to recommend him very highly indeed'  u'although i live far from dr lou  i have had the chance to see his recommendations  his accolades and his patient satisfaction i highly recommend dr lou for his experience  recognition nationally and his devotion to his community of patients'  u'great doctor he gets right to the point  addresses the issue in a straightforward manner and tells you who to follow up with what more could you want glad to have him here on healthtapcom impressed with his tmj expertise'  u'i have known dr gallia to be extremely knowledgable as an oral surgeon and have been very pleased with the way he has teated my patients  i have no hesitation in recommending him'  u'dr gallia is an expert in his field and i highly recommend searching him out for answers relating to ent  maxillofacial  tmj  and other related areas of interest!'  u'not your basic or all surgeon  best of the best! very experience oral surgeon many additional specialties definitely in good hands and highly recommended!']
2072,nan
2073,[u'dr turrisi is a world leader in the field of radiation oncology  and has invented the standard of care in the treatment of many disease  most famously small cell lung cancer one of my greatest professional regrets is that i failed to convince him to serve as chairman of our department'  u'a renaissance man and physician loquacious with content and humor and a scholar of lung cancer and medicine in general'  u'detroit is lucky to have such a good doc!'  u'an excellent physicain'  u'excellent physician!']
2074,[u'a radiologist who understands patients and physicians a wealth of knowledge  properly used my radiology sensei!'  u'outstanding radiologist!'  u'outstanding radiologist!'  u'excellent radiologist']
2075,[u'i recommend this doctor  very insightful and i learn something new from these answers'  uanswers patient's questions in a timely manner  very knowledgeable!  u'one of the best ent docs!  seattle is lucky!'  u'excellent physician!']
2076,[u'highly knowledgable and compassionate she diagnoses the symptoms and illness accurately i would recommend her to any patient'  u'dr sadoun is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr sadoun is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2077,[u'i am grateful to drgrin for educating not only myself  but all of us here at healthtap about pain management  and  moreover  i am grateful to him for his openness to the effects of psychotherapy i have encountered many pain practitioners who devalue therapy as being unneeded  and that medication solves everything no so for dr grin  and i am relieved he is more forward thinking & collaborative!'  u'what a great guy  excellent physician  wonderful colleague and all around genius in the area of pain as well in a surprising range of other areas  i learn from him every day and have recommended that my own daughter read his information to help sort out her tmj  he does not hesitate to tackle any question and returns clear explanations of the most complex issues seasoned with true compassion'  u'dr grin is a wonderful colleague and physician he is knowledgeable in multiple areas not only in the scope of pain management his genuine compassion is evident not only in the way he cares for patients  but for the community of physicians here on healthtap as well we are all lucky to have him share his wisdom with us!'  u'i am endorsing dr grin he is providing an excellent service to the public on healthtap the medical information  dr grin provides is accurate & understandable dr grin is clearly very knowledgeable about pain management and medicine in general'  uhave been reading dr grin's responses and have been impressed with his lucid explanations of issues that are difficult to explain to non-medical personnel he is thorough  concise  and provides excellent advice  u'i highly endorse dr paul grin as a healthtap and healthtap prime as an expert his commentaries and clinical insights are astute and educational to both patients and physicians he is an asset to our community']
2078,[ui highly recommend dr killian for his dedication and excellent and straightforward responses on healthtap he is clearly very knowledgeable in the area of human sexuality and sexually transmitted diseases as well as in men's health and excellent addition to the healthtap team  ui see dr k on line often giving expert and knowledgeable advice from a variety of topics including : human immunodeficiency virus  sexually transmitted infections  aids  gay  lesbian and transgender health  men's health he is a major contributer to the health tap community  udr killian has a vast amount of knowledge and a great ability to separate the wheat from the chaff in answering questions with clarity and wit i appreciate learning from him as much as i'm sure the readers do  too  u'dr killian is informative  clear  compassionate and interesting i look forward to seeing his replies and comments i always learn things that are helpful and often thought provoking a great resource!'  u'dr killian is very knowledgeable and his answers are a great resource to patients here on health tap  i find myself learning a lot from reading his entries'  u'outstanding and to the point answers and advice obviously a very knowledgeable  caring and dedicated doctor']
2079,[u'dr piller is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr piller is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2080,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
2081,[ui highly recommend dr killian for his dedication and excellent and straightforward responses on healthtap he is clearly very knowledgeable in the area of human sexuality and sexually transmitted diseases as well as in men's health and excellent addition to the healthtap team  ui see dr k on line often giving expert and knowledgeable advice from a variety of topics including : human immunodeficiency virus  sexually transmitted infections  aids  gay  lesbian and transgender health  men's health he is a major contributer to the health tap community  udr killian has a vast amount of knowledge and a great ability to separate the wheat from the chaff in answering questions with clarity and wit i appreciate learning from him as much as i'm sure the readers do  too  u'dr killian is informative  clear  compassionate and interesting i look forward to seeing his replies and comments i always learn things that are helpful and often thought provoking a great resource!'  u'dr killian is very knowledgeable and his answers are a great resource to patients here on health tap  i find myself learning a lot from reading his entries'  u'outstanding and to the point answers and advice obviously a very knowledgeable  caring and dedicated doctor']
2082,[u'dr diamond is a very knowledgeable pediatrician with many years of practical experience  which shows in his thoughtful and to-the-point responses'  u'intelligent  respected expert great answers\r\noutstanding contributions to health tap\r\nhighly recommend'  u'dr diamond provides thoughtful  helpful  and insightful answers that help all users of this site!'  u'great answers from an experienced  knowledgeable  pediatrician'  udr mark diamond's answers are clear and helpful for members  u'hi doc:\r\ngreat virtual practice!!\r\nlouis gallia md  dmd  facs']
2083,[ui enjoy reading dr kwok's advice on health tap i'm impressed by the broad scope of his medical knowledge  his sense of humor and his skill in explaining medical issues to patients in plain english without resorting to medical jargon he is an asset to health tap  u'dr kwok is a kind and knowledgable physician who is always a pleasure to interact and work with  i would highly recommend as a pediatrician in the south bay area!'  ufast  fantastic answers to often complex questions  truly an asset to the medical community a true national leader in children's health care  u'committed to next generation healthcare while maintaining the humanity of physician-patient interaction  knowledgeable and experienced'  udr kwok's posts are always thought provoking  one can truly see the commitment and passion to medicine  keep the great answers coming  u'excellent contributor to healthtap extremely knowledgeable and graciously shares his gifts with the world and he has a lot to share!']
2084,[u'i endorse this doctor  dr agullo and i trained in plastic surgery together at the mayo clinic  he is one of the most intelligent and skilled surgeons with whom i have worked  highly recommended'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'very knowledgable doctor   great answers and a great doctor to follow!']
2085,[u'i learn a great deal from the information that dr encarnacion provides he is clearly very knowledgeable  about oncology and medicine in general i endorse dr encarnacion'  u'i highly recommend dr carlos encarnacion  he is highly knowledgeable and caring'  u'very accurate and timely responses'  u'excellent physician!'  u'excellent physician'  u'good doctor']
2086,[u'dr dobry is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr dobry is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2087,[u'dr afflack is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr afflack is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'wow!  such a patient and helpful doctor']
2088,[udr malerman is an invaluable resource for his thorough  sound advice  he has mastered the art of dispensing a large amount of wisdom in 400 words  as he says medical docs don't know much about matters in front of the tonsils  and i learn so much from his posts!  he also is not shy about reinforcing the wisdom of his peers in both the medical and dental profession  u'dr malerman is not only an expert in his field but knows a lot about everything!  he is a welcomed asset to healthtap and a great patient advocate  highly recommended'  u'dr malerman has consistently shown thoughtful and useful advise to patients in his interactions  i highly recommend him for your orthodontic needs !'  udr malerman provides informative  to-the-point responses on healthtap  he's clearly a knowledgeable and caring orthodontist  u'dr  malerman has a vast fund of knowledge that allows for effectively contributing to this online community of health'  u'dr malerman answers truthfully  understandably and is a fountain of vast dental knowledge i doff my hat to him']
2089,[u'i recommend dr weixel her input on healthtap is spot on  respectful  accurate & demonstrates a great deal of insight her responses take things deeper than  typical bread & butter answers & are thought provoking she is providing a valuable public service on healthtap  i endorse dr weixel'  usince making dr weixel's acquaintance on this network i have called upon her expertise a number of times she impresses me with her fund of knowledge  speed of response to referrals  and ability to educate  i highly recommend dr weixel to patients and colleagues  udr weixel's sound training and years of experience resound in all her answers  she is empathetic and supportive  as well as offering practical suggestions  in those many  areas were a pill alone is not enough  udr weixel's responses are clear  thoughtful  and often warmly humorous -- yet always respectful  her viewpoints add depth to discussions  she's a wonderful presence on healthtap  and i recommend her  udr weixel's answers are filled with good information  wisdom and compassion  i would definitely recommend that the reader pay attention to what she says  u'dr weixel has consistently shown thoughtful and useful advise to patients in her interactions she is an expert in her field i highly recommend her !']
2090,[u'good and timely responses'  u'recommend']
2091,[ui like & admire dr raff's stock of passion & compassion  wealth of specialty knowledge  and keen instinct to conjecture useful solutions beyond available facts so  i recommend her to anyone needing her specialty care/service without reservation \r\n\r\n(james) chin-ti lin  md  udr raff provides a tremendous service to patients with his expertise and caring manner he is certainly my go-to source when i need expert opinion  and i've learned a great deal from reading his answers outstanding!  u'excellent well thought out answers an excellent resource for patients and an asset to healthtap anybody who takes their personal time  to answer patient questions and does so without anything in return is fine by me'  u'dr raff has an outstanding breath of knowledge about infectious diseases and medicine in general he provides an exceptional public service through the education he provides via health tap i recommend dr raff'  udr raff gives sensible  direct answers to a wide range of questions  he teaches me a lot about infectious disease!  he's also a consistently positive presence on healthtap  and i recommend him highly  uyou can't get any better than dr raff  head of the id division when i was in med school and residency at u of louisville  he is extremely knowledgeable  but also a great teacher and a caring doctor]
2092,[u'dr khubchandani is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr khubchandani is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2093,[udr nguyen is truly a patient-physician  it's very hard to show compassion in 400 characters but his emotion is easily visible in his answers  i would send my family members to him for medical care without hesitations  u'dr nguyen is the epitome of a good doctor  he is caring  listens well and has an outstanding bedside manner  he also has exceptional medical knowledge  what sets hip apart is his compassion and humanity'  u'dr nguyen is a knowledgeable  well-trained physician with exceptional communication skills i would not hesitate to refer to him patients i had seen who are moving to mullica hill or its environs'  u'dr nguyen has a great reputation and cv i have been reading his answers to the questions here on health tap and have been very impressed with the quality of his answers'  ui've followed dr nguyen since healthtap started - he's a founding member: a compassionate physician with excellent   practical and knowledgeable answers  u'dr nguyen provides accurate  careful  well thought out answers with empathy of compassion  he is the kind of physician i would want for my family']
2094,[udr grieco's answers are accurate and what i particularly like is his wisdom in triage and referral this is what makes a good physician great he clearly possesses a broad knowledge base and shows great caring for patients in his responses i highly recommend him  u'dr grieco is clearly very knowledgable and caring -- his answers show how concerned he is for patients to receive the best care possible a very good physician !'  u'great doc!!']
2095,[u'with an abundance of experience  keen insight  razor sharp mind and unquestionable compassion   dr zimon contributes a wealth of information to enhance the knowledge of patients and doctors  he shares the perspective of one who has seen the science of medicine completely change over the years and the foresight of one who can take these years of science and predict what is coming'  u'dr zimon clearly know his stuff and shares openly with both colleagues and patients alike we are fortunate to have him here on healthtap!'  u'i endorse dr zimon  with a keen knowledge of internal medicine  he is providing an excellent service to the public via healthtap'  u'great answers from a clinician with a wealth of experience and expressed with an unmistakable passion for his patients welfare'  u'offers insightful advice and knowledge from one who is well founded and experienced in medicine'  u'experience  knowledge and keen insight']
2096,[u'i endorse dr park he is actively involved in providing health education to the public via healthtap he shares understandable  accurate & compassionate information i learn a lot from his entries'  u'a talented and experienced physician with exceptional level of dedication  it is an honor to have him here on healthtap  and in south carolina  highly recommended!'  u'very ac accurate & thorough!'  u'excellent physician']
2097,[ui've had the privilege of reviewing many of dr arnoult's responses to questions which touch the fields of not only family medicine but other areas of specialization her responses are clear  firm  and accurate  i am in full agreement with my colleagues who find her responsive style of the highest quality & in line with what patients in this modern day are looking for in their doctors  u'i have known dr arnoult for many years since we both had our practices here in chambersburg pa i know for a fact that her patients loved her and had great respect for her because of her knowledge and dedication patient care always came first  very respected by her medical colleagues as well the community is very fortunate to have her here she is highly recommended!'  u'i highly endorse dr susan arnoult as an expert on healthtap and healthtap prime her comments are astute and educational for both patients and physicians alike she is an asset to the healthtap community'  u'dr arnoult is a calm and caring family physician with a wide knowledge base and consistent presence on healthtap  it is a pleasure to read her responses  her online bedside manner is admirable'  u'i endorse dr arnoult she is a power house of knowledge she provides sensible  accurate & compassionate input she is providing a great public service via healthtap'  u'dr arnoult is a knowledgable  caring doctor working for the care of the whole patient in a balanced and professional manner her dedication is inspiring']
2098,[u'dr chawla is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr chawla is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2099,[u'i recommend drjaskiel highly his advice and comments in the dentistry section have always come across as precise  concise and very useful i appreciate his commitment and dedication to health tap'  u'dr jaskiell is providing an outstanding service to the public through the education he provides on healthtap i recommend dr jaskiel'  udr jaskiel's informative  easily understandable healthtap answers are a wonderful public service  i highly recommend him  udr jaskiel's answers show his knowledge and art of practicing dentistry i highly recommend him  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'excellent dentist and a welcome addition to healthtap']
2100,[u'dr maron is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr maron is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2101,[u'dr frazee is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr frazee is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2102,[uimpressed by answers which convey an expanded perspective regarding complex clinical issues  providing doctor education  and patient understanding  these approaches reify the value of dr jaren's contributions to healthtap  udr jaren gives intelligent  thoughtful and easy to understand answers  he's a great resource  especially for neurologic questions  u'based upon the materials presented  dr jaren has reputable training and experience'  u'very knowledgeable physician with great resources  recommend without reservation!'  u'dr jaren is a great physician and educator thanks for all you do on healthtap'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
2103,[u'hi doc:\r\ngreat virtual practice!!\r\nlouis gallia md  dmd  facs'  u'knowledegeable and caring answers']
2104,[u'dr rao is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr rao is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2105,[u'dr brouwer is a very knowledgeable internist he is providing an excellent public service via healthtap he is also a really nice person i endorse dr brouwer'  u'an industry though leader in concierge medicine an intelligent and highly expereinced physician highly recommend'  u'great responses very accurate comes highly recommended'  u'dr brouwer is knowledgeable  respectful and caring'  u'good knowledgeable answers and caring approach'  u'a super doctor!']
2106,[u'i endorse this doctor  dr kim is a really great colleague and a superb surgeon  i recommend him highly as one of the best ophthalmologists in new york'  u'i endorse this doctor  because his answers on avvo reflect great judgement and knowledge in the area of ophthalmology'  u'dr kim is one of the best ophthalmologists  he is a talented physician and patients are lucky to be treated by him'  u'i endorse this doctor excellent answers provided on avvocom this doctor is clearly very knowledgable'  u'he is an excellent surgeon and a thoughtful clinician']
2107,[u'very thoughtful extremely knowledgeable a great doctor a great human being it is my pleasure to be able to write this recommendation'  u'dr rafat provides excellent information on podiatry to the public via healthtap'  u'dr raft enjoys his practice and wants to share his knowledge-dave'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
2108,[u'dr howard schneider is one of the leading pediatric dentists on long island  from the minute you walk in the door  you can tell that he is totally dedicated to patient comfort and the best possible care for your children dr schneider pays close attention to the details  he goes far above and beyond with continuing education i have a great deal of respect for him and recommend him highly'  u'dr howard schneider is accurate and succinct in his answers his background and experience clearly shines! dr don e millner magd ficoi'  u'top notch pediatric dentist with a wide range of knowledge  highly recommend'  u'a very knowledgeable and dedicated pediatric dentist'  u'great dentist!!!']
2109,[u'dr kattuah  has some wonderfully succinct and accurate answers  i highly recommend him  dr don e millner'  u'very knowledgeable with excellent  thorough  to the point  answers and advice'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
2110,[u'exceptional answers and very knowledgeable   excellent doctor!']
2111,[u'dr mata is a welcomed addition to the avvo community  her answers are well thought out which shows she takes time to provide truly valuable education and insight to her patients  i endorse and recommend dr felicia mata and wish her all the best'  ui endorse dr mata  it's quite apparent that she cares about the quality of her treatment and the well being of her patients it's also evident that she spends a great deal of time educating her patients and stresses preventative care  u'i  would like to endorse dr mata and welcome her to the avvocom community she is providing a public service by providing timely  acurate and insightful information on dental and medical matters'  u'i endorse this dentist dr mata is a very good and professional dentist i would strongly recommend her to anyone!'  u'very thorough & accurate impressive indeed!'  u'great dentist in downtown chicago']
2112,[u'dr minasian is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr minasian is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2113,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
2114,[ui commend dr thaler for his consistently informative  to the point and articulate answers  it's obvious that he practices quality dentistry and cares about the well being of his patients  u'dr thaler among the best prosthodontists i know  i wish he was closer to the area where i practice  i trust dr thaler to get optimum results even with difficult cases'  u'i endorse this dentist dr thaler was an instructor of mine at temple dental school that i often saught out for help and guidance'  u'i endorse this dentist   dr thaler is a very skilled and knowledgeable practicioner  dr john whytosek'  u'i endorse this dentist'  u'i endorse this dentist']
2115,[ui have reviewed many of dr po's answers and consultations he is extremely knowledgeable about infectious diseases and general medicine his consultations typically involve very complicated issues and he handles them with calm confidence i would recommend dr po to my patients without reservation  u'dr po is not only highly knowledgeable in infectious diseases and internal medicine  but his answers are always accurate  stated succinctly and understandably  and he has empathy and obviously cares about the people to whom he is responding'  u'i fully recommend dr john leander po to anyone needing his help as he seems to care deeply about his field of infectious disease great physician and colleague and asset to the community at healthtap!'  u'i endorse dr po dr po is clearly very knowledgable about infectious diseases and medicine in general he is providing a valuable service to the public via health tap'  u'you need only one doctor for infectious disease and he is dr john leander po highly recommended with no hesitation'  ui have complete confidence in dr po's management of my patient's infectious disease problems]
2116,[u'dr fisher is compassionate and caring about physicians and patients  he is a prime example of what a healthtap physician is and should be'  u'dr fisher provides informative  accurate answers on healthtap -- and also has a warm sense of humor  i recommend him!'  u'wonderful answers concise  complete and easy to understand for experts and lay people alike'  udan is the smartest internist i know if there's a puzzle to solve  he's the guy you want  u'provides excellent answers that educate not only patients but physicians too'  u'we worked together in guantanamo bay cuba an excellent physician']
2117,[u'would recommend him to my patients'  u'ent specialist']
2118,[u'i am grateful to drgrin for educating not only myself  but all of us here at healthtap about pain management  and  moreover  i am grateful to him for his openness to the effects of psychotherapy i have encountered many pain practitioners who devalue therapy as being unneeded  and that medication solves everything no so for dr grin  and i am relieved he is more forward thinking & collaborative!'  u'what a great guy  excellent physician  wonderful colleague and all around genius in the area of pain as well in a surprising range of other areas  i learn from him every day and have recommended that my own daughter read his information to help sort out her tmj  he does not hesitate to tackle any question and returns clear explanations of the most complex issues seasoned with true compassion'  u'dr grin is a wonderful colleague and physician he is knowledgeable in multiple areas not only in the scope of pain management his genuine compassion is evident not only in the way he cares for patients  but for the community of physicians here on healthtap as well we are all lucky to have him share his wisdom with us!'  u'i am endorsing dr grin he is providing an excellent service to the public on healthtap the medical information  dr grin provides is accurate & understandable dr grin is clearly very knowledgeable about pain management and medicine in general'  uhave been reading dr grin's responses and have been impressed with his lucid explanations of issues that are difficult to explain to non-medical personnel he is thorough  concise  and provides excellent advice  u'i highly endorse dr paul grin as a healthtap and healthtap prime as an expert his commentaries and clinical insights are astute and educational to both patients and physicians he is an asset to our community']
2119,[u'dr gabor  has an outstanding knowledge base of both diagnostic radiology and of medicine in general (across the board)  he is providing a valuable service to the public via healthtap i endorse dr gabor'  u'dr michael gabor is an excellent physician  very knowledgeable passionate  and on the top of his field he is a great value to the people of ny  and to the family of health tap'  u'dr gabor is a very knowledgeable and compassionate doctor always enjoy reading his insightful answers highly recommended'  u'understandable answers  educates us all both patients and doctors alike  generous and collaborative recommended to all!'  u'dr gabor has been an excellent consultant and is a great asset to thr healthtap prime physician community'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
2120,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'penndel is lucky to have such a great doc!!']
2121,[u'i highly recommend drablon she gives very knowldgeable answers both her virtual and real life patients are fortunate'  uone of the most caring and dedicated physicians i've had the privlege of knowing  u'excellent clinical acumen  and very helpful with consults  5 thumbs up ']
2122,[u'precise and helpful and says it in a way i understood instead of baffling me with medical jargon like some doctors do thanks'  u'dr herring is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr herring is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2123,[u'dr spain is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr spain is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2124,[u'dr ahrendsen is a dedicated and compassionate family medicine physician who never fails to provide sound advice']
2125,[uthis dr gave me questions that my dr's have never brought up so now i can ask the questions i did not know ask  u'dr gupta is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr gupta is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2126,[u'i recommend dr whiting he is providing an exceptional service to the public via healthtap he clearly has a vast knowledge of ob/gyn']
2127,[u'dr harry aornowitz is a highly trained and experienced specialist  who developed the sarpe technique for rapidly expanding the palate  he is a compassionate and capable clinician in whom i have the utmost confidence  i strongly endorse endorse this dentist'  u'i endorse dr aronowitz he is a highly respected orthodontic specialist in the dental community  and his knowledge and years of experience allow him to advise others in a manner that shows his dedication to the field'  udr aronowitz is a skilled  experienced orthodontist  he is who i myself entrusted to take care of my children's teeth!  u'i highly endorse dr aronowitz  we work together and i am always impressed with his knowledge and expertise'  u'outstanding knowledge  advice  concern for patients and precise articulate to the point answers'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
2128,[u'dr mintz is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr mintz is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2129,[u'dr hansen is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr hansen is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2130,[u'always has great informative posts about ob/gyn  he is a great asset to healthtap'  u'very accurate and useful responses'  u'a caring and empathetic physician!']
2131,[ulap chole post op complicaton i am leaving agh today and would love to share my personal experience with  biliary peritonitis email me and u will tell u in a nut shelle now i'm off work for 4 weeks email is sat229 @ hotmail  com hope to hear from you  u'very knowledgeable and helpful he covered a lot of information and asked plenty of questions to make sure we were on the right track very helpful'  u'dr hammerstead is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr hammerstead is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr hammerstead made my first experience with health tap very positive'  u'i am grateful for this doctor this thanksgiving!']
2132,[u'dr karsant is clearly a very knowledgable dentist i met him at a healthtap retreat & learned from him he is providing a valuable service to the public on healthtap i endorse dr karsant'  u'a very intelligent  expereinced and highly engaged dentist i enjoyed meeting and working with him very much highly recommend'  u'dr karsant supplies helpful  informative answers on healthtap  and is a thoughtful  engaged colleague  i recommend him highly!'  u'doctor peter a karsant answer are very informative  helpful to the people on health tap\ni would highly  recommend him'  u'a very knowledgeable and dedicated dentist excellent to the point answers and advice i highly recommend'  u'very knowledgable doctor   great answers and a great doctor to follow!']
2133,[u'i highly recommend dr rex mahnensmith as an extremely competent internist i have reviewed many of his answers and consultations on healthtap and have found him to be well-informed  prompt and thorough his documentation is excellent i highly recommend him'  udr mahnensmith is incredibly kind  liberal with advice  praise and support; also tolerant with a fine sense of humor and eclectic in his interests which spills over into his professional life and adds to his wisdom  he's a jewel in healthap's crown  u'dr mahnensmith is extremely knowledgeable and uses this knowledge along with evidence-based medicine to help patients i highly recommend him!'  u'dr mahnensmith is a great resource for healthtap to have  his answers are accurate  and many people have benefited from his presence here'  u'dr mahnensmith is very knowledgeable and is excellent at explaining conditions and lab results to patients in a useful way'  u'dr mahnensmith is an awesome physician here on healthtap with consistently sound advice i highly recommend him']
2134,[u'i find dr machanic to be a distinguished  caring  compassionate  and dedicated neurologist specializing in such difficult  complex cases i feel lucky to know him thru the healthtap network  as he has helped so many patients i am glad to meet him  and hope to continue our professional dialogue together  and learn from his vast knowledge base excellent advice given!'  u'dr machanic is a phenomenal asset to healthtap his recommendations are spot-on and his years of experience certainly shines through i even find myself learning from his knowledge in the field of neurology thanks for your contribution!'  u'dr machanic represents one of the most accomplished professionals in our network at healthtapcom his answers are extremely valuable for users and professionals equally  and his opinion is regarded with admiration to his excellence'  u'i have the pleasure of knowing dr machanic professionally and personally he is a caring physician  a wellspring of knowledge  and a funny guy! he provides valuable wisdom  information and perspective in the neurology community'  u'dr bennett machanic is a highly trained and expert neurologist who gives very good expert clinical opinions i highly recommend dr machanic to anyone who is seeking a consultation with a neurologist thank you dr machanic'  u'dr machanic provided a thoughtful response to a curbside consult on cidp  his willingness to help out with a clinical question is very much appreciated thank you  dr machanic!']
2135,[u'dr husar is an expert neurologist  who understands medicine  and  neurology and contributes insightful  pertinent answers to complex questions he is always providing clear  concise well-rounded information  and is a great healthtap physician'  u'dr husar has a vast array of medical knowledge - not just in neurology but across the board he is providing an outstanding service to the public via healthtap i endorse dr husar !'  u'i fully recommend dr husar to anyone needing his help as he seems to care deeply about his field of neurology great physician and colleague and asset to the community at healthtap!'  udr walter husar is both an expert neurologist and an professor of medicine  his answers are clear and concise  it's a pleasure to have him as an electronic colleague  u'dr husar is a very knowledgeable  and caring physician who gives clear  concise  and helpful answers he is a real asset to health tap!'  u'dr husar has a vast fund of knowledge that allows for effectively contributing to this online community of health']
2136,[uhi doc:\r\ngood advice!!\r\ni've added your to my network and recommended you\r\ni would appreciate a return of the favor\r\ni'm on omfs in sacramento  ca\r\nspecial interest tmj disorders\r\nthanks\r\nlouis gallia md  dmd  facs  u'i highly endorse and recommend dr hettinger as an outstanding expert in the healthtap prime community his expertise in podiatry is most certainly appreciated and educational'  u'knowledgeable expert in podiatry gives clear  accurate answers highly recommend'  u'i recommend this physician!']
2137,[ui commend dr thaler for his consistently informative  to the point and articulate answers  it's obvious that he practices quality dentistry and cares about the well being of his patients  u'dr thaler among the best prosthodontists i know  i wish he was closer to the area where i practice  i trust dr thaler to get optimum results even with difficult cases'  u'i endorse this dentist dr thaler was an instructor of mine at temple dental school that i often saught out for help and guidance'  u'i endorse this dentist   dr thaler is a very skilled and knowledgeable practicioner  dr john whytosek'  u'i endorse this dentist'  u'i endorse this dentist']
2138,[u'i have wanted to write this review for almost 5 months  each time i began to compose something i couldn\'t put into words the type of person dr michael wolfe is  frankly  i find it almost insulting to use the title doctor or even surgeon  not because he isn\'t an incredible one  but rather  because of the way he went above and beyond my expectation and experience of what a doctor (or surgeon) is  \n\nthis past year i was diagnosed with a mouth tumor and  after losing my sister to cancer just 2 years ago  you can imagine how worried my family and i were  dr wolfe made me feel like my family and i were his only patients  he freed up time on his busy schedule and always had time for me by phone  email or in person  in fact  for my very first appointment with him  he agreed to fit me in by tacking me onto the end of a very full day for him (after hours)  later  i came to find out that it was his birthday and he stayed late just to see me (knowing how worried my family and i were)  i only found out whil'  u'dr wolfe is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr wolfe is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr wolfe is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2139,[u'i have been impressed with dr minich pointed answers with knowledge  depth  wit  and kindness so  i highly recommend her to anyone looking for care / service from her specialty without reservation \r\n\r\n(james) chin-ti lin  md'  u'dr minich is a dedicated doctor  who has been actively answering complex medical questions with compassion  and insight she provides practical and solutions  and recommendations for patients great healthteam expert'  u'i highly endorse dr diane mimich as an expert in her field and as an asset to the healthtap community of experts she is knowledgeable  insightful and empathetic i think that she is an asset  to our physician panel'  u'i have learned a great deal from dr minich here on healthtap and have learned a great deal from her thoughtful  expert  and helpful answers to her patients i look forward to learning more from her!'  u'i recommend dr minich she is providing a valuable service to the public via healthtap she provides sensible  accurate and respectful input i endorse dr minich'  u'dr minich is an extremely knowledgeable physician who obviously care greatly for her patients and their health she is a terrific asset to the healthtap community!']
2140,[uwhat a delight it is to read dr friedlander's posts he is direct and his advice is personalized clearly he's kind as he tells it like it is  without waffling while doing so  he also recognizes full well that we all deserve respect  frankness  and honesty when dosing out wisdom  whether to patients  the public  or his peers  u'very knowledgeable and capable of conveying his thoughts in a very clear way uncommon gift of empathy for those asking the questions  yet answers directly and unhesitatingly it is a pleasure to read his responses and to learn from him for a pathologist i find him refreshingly conversant with the living!'  u'dr friedlander is an excellent physician who really knows what he is talking about i am sincerely happy to be in connection with him on healthtap i highly recommend dr friedlander: his straightforward excellent answers are a great resource both to patients & drs thank you dr friedlander !'  u'dr friedlander is an extremely knowledgeable physician who continually gives superb advice on an incredible range of medical conditions hi9s answers are always accurate & totally reliable we are very fortunate to have him as a colleague on healthtap'  u'as a former student of dr friedlander i can say that he is quite brilliant and very quick with often very insightful and helpful witticisms  he has a great love of medicine and  i believe  an even greater love of teaching medicine to others'  u'a very knowledgable individual i had the privilege of attending his pathology course as a medical student in kansas city  mo i have appreciated his contribution to my education and value the solid core foundation he contributed in providing']
2141,[u'dr brouwer is a very knowledgeable internist he is providing an excellent public service via healthtap he is also a really nice person i endorse dr brouwer'  u'an industry though leader in concierge medicine an intelligent and highly expereinced physician highly recommend'  u'great responses very accurate comes highly recommended'  u'dr brouwer is knowledgeable  respectful and caring'  u'good knowledgeable answers and caring approach'  u'a super doctor!']
2142,[u'very knowledgeable thank you for your input'  u'an excellent physician  very knowledgeable'  u'helpful! thank you']
2143,[u'dr toloza is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr toloza is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2144,[ui like & admire dr raff's stock of passion & compassion  wealth of specialty knowledge  and keen instinct to conjecture useful solutions beyond available facts so  i recommend her to anyone needing her specialty care/service without reservation \r\n\r\n(james) chin-ti lin  md  udr raff provides a tremendous service to patients with his expertise and caring manner he is certainly my go-to source when i need expert opinion  and i've learned a great deal from reading his answers outstanding!  u'excellent well thought out answers an excellent resource for patients and an asset to healthtap anybody who takes their personal time  to answer patient questions and does so without anything in return is fine by me'  u'dr raff has an outstanding breath of knowledge about infectious diseases and medicine in general he provides an exceptional public service through the education he provides via health tap i recommend dr raff'  udr raff gives sensible  direct answers to a wide range of questions  he teaches me a lot about infectious disease!  he's also a consistently positive presence on healthtap  and i recommend him highly  uyou can't get any better than dr raff  head of the id division when i was in med school and residency at u of louisville  he is extremely knowledgeable  but also a great teacher and a caring doctor]
2145,[u'dr ellis is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr ellis is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2146,[u'dr chang is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr chang is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2147,[u'hi doc:\r\ngreat virtual practice!!\r\nlouis gallia md  dmd  facs'  u'knowledegeable and caring answers']
2148,[u'dr wiener is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr wiener is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2149,[u'helpful answers  right to the point! nicely done'  u'great doc!!']
2150,[u'dr dumont is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr dumont is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr dumont is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2151,[u'i find dr machanic to be a distinguished  caring  compassionate  and dedicated neurologist specializing in such difficult  complex cases i feel lucky to know him thru the healthtap network  as he has helped so many patients i am glad to meet him  and hope to continue our professional dialogue together  and learn from his vast knowledge base excellent advice given!'  u'dr machanic is a phenomenal asset to healthtap his recommendations are spot-on and his years of experience certainly shines through i even find myself learning from his knowledge in the field of neurology thanks for your contribution!'  u'dr machanic represents one of the most accomplished professionals in our network at healthtapcom his answers are extremely valuable for users and professionals equally  and his opinion is regarded with admiration to his excellence'  u'i have the pleasure of knowing dr machanic professionally and personally he is a caring physician  a wellspring of knowledge  and a funny guy! he provides valuable wisdom  information and perspective in the neurology community'  u'dr bennett machanic is a highly trained and expert neurologist who gives very good expert clinical opinions i highly recommend dr machanic to anyone who is seeking a consultation with a neurologist thank you dr machanic'  u'dr machanic provided a thoughtful response to a curbside consult on cidp  his willingness to help out with a clinical question is very much appreciated thank you  dr machanic!']
2152,[u'i was at a loss so i turned to the internet and dr chinen was the only information on pigweed allergies'  u'dr chinen is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr chinen is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2153,[u'dr lessnau is a kind  compassionate and knowledgeable doctor  and i would have no reservations recommending him to friends and family!'  u'thanks for your valuable contributionsthanks for your valuable contributions'  u'a truly wonderful  compassionate and knowledgable doctor'  u'accurate and helpful answers'  u'highly recommend'  u'wow impressive!']
2154,[udr schleimer  simply stated  amazes me with his vast knowledge  independent thinking  spot on answers  professionalism and articulate responses  i'm sure his patients are lucky to have him as their dentist and receiving the highest quality dentistry  u'dr schleimer  is very knowledgeable  his answers reflect  the  understanding  of  dental  health that comes with experience  and education we can all learn and  benefit from this doctor'  u'with all of the prefabricated mcbraces out there dr schleimer is one who focuses on what is best for the patient  not selling what people want when it is not sound'  u'thorough  precise & detailed very impressive'  u'accurate and timely opinions'  u'i recommend this physician!']
2155,[u'dr ettinger is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr ettinger is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2156,[u'dr barry is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr barry is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2157,[u'i recommend dr conovalciuc he provides really interesting (& spot on) responses on healthtap  his responses are often not run of the mill - which is why i enjoy reading & learning from them here is clearly very knowledgeable about medicine he is providing an excellent service to the public on healthtap i endorse dr conovalciuc'  u'dr conovalciuc is a fantastic family physician who not only cares for his patients in person but for those in this online community by giving clear & thoughtful answers on a regular basis in the process  he teaches the rest of us & reminds us of why we entered this profession in the first place thank you  dr c!'  udr conovalciuc's answers are clear  easy for patients to understand  and show his experience and tremendous breadth of knowledge he seems to be a very caring person and a great asset  to health tap  u'dr conovalciuc is the most versatile  knowledgeable  compassionate doctor  he goes out of his way to help millions of people by participating actively in this project'  u'dr conovalciuc consistently gives clear  helpful and compassionate answers to patients on healthtap i recommend him as a kind and knowledgeable physician'  u'dr conovalciuc it generous with his time to one and all  i am glad i got to know him on healthtap  and learn from him']
2158,[u'dr briskin is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr briskin is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2159,[ui endorse this doctor he provides outstanding information to the public on avvocom  accurate  compassionate and in layman's terms  u'excellent answers and very timely  great doctor to follow    ron (oral surgeon  orlando)'  u'i endorse this doctor']
2160,[u'very timely and accurate responses'  u'nice answers great job!'  u'a great doc!']
2161,[u'dr bergman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr bergman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2162,[u'dr talac is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr talac is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2163,[u'he is an expert on chemical peel  laser skin resurfacing  laser resurfacing  tummy tuck i would go to him myself  next time i am in florida- i wonder if i get an aarp discount- ha ha'  u'your dedication and commitment to providing quality health consultation on healthtap is greatly admired and a true benefit to your patients'  u'dr thomas g fiala is very skillful plastic surgeon very knowledgeable passionate physician up to date in his field'  u'always gives informative and supportive answers---he is a great asset to healthtap'  u'great responses very accurate comes highly recommended'  u'reasonable  knowledge  right to the point!']
2164,[u'i truly appreciate the work you guys do! thank you for being part of this community!  keep up the good work!'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'very timely and accurate responses']
2165,[u'dr cohen is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr cohen is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2166,[uit is an honor to endorse and support dr alan zweig  i have constantly been impressed with his articulate  caring answers he's given to countless people in the avvo community   i'm convinced this is but a small reflection of how he is with his patients  i highly recommend dr alan zweig without hesitation  u'i have had the pleasure of collaborating with dr zweig in the treatment of many of his patients over the past 20 years having had the opportunity to observe the high standards dr zweig has set in his practice and the personal care with which he treats his patients  i heartily endorse and recommend him'  ui have known and worked with dr zweig as an orthodontist for the past 30 years  throughout this time i have found him to be very professional  caring and always placing the patient's needs and wants ahead of all else and delivering the best dentistry possible  u'i endorse this dentist i practice orthodontics very close to dr zweig\'s office he is an excellent dentist and stays ahead of the curve with the latest dental technology'  u'i endorse this dentist dr zweig consistently provides  excellent information on avvocom he is  exceptionally good at providing education through this format'  u'i endorse this dentist dr zweig is very knowledgable and willing to share a wealth of information to help dental patients make appropriate treatment decisions']
2167,[u'a concise answer  compassion and experience is what you will get when dr krauser answers one of your questions  such a great value to the healthtap community!'  u'dr krauser is very knowledgeable and caring  he is a tremendous asset to the medical community and to healthtap  i highly recommend him'  u'thank you to my good colleague for providng some timely advice for my treatment on a neurology patient'  u'a treasured expert in his field  and very knowledgeable in many others\r\nhighly recommend'  u'i enjoy having dr krauser as a colleague on healthtap  he is an asset to healthtap'  u'knowledegeable and caring answers']
2168,[u'i consistently learn from the information that dr namey provides on health  tap he is clearly very knowledgable in rheumatology and medicine in general i think that he would be the doctor i would want to see if i developed rheumatologic problems i recommend dr namey'  u'a concise answer  compassion and experience is what you will get when dr namey answers one of your questions  such a great value to the healthtap community!'  u'dr namey provides thoughtful  on-target answers in an impressive array of areas  i always look forward to reading his responses!'  u'thoughtful and well phrased intelligent responses to complex issues makes dr namey a valuable resource'  u'i highly recommend doctor thomas namey for expertise in the field of rheumatology'  uanswers patient's questions in a timely manner  very knowledgeable!]
2169,[u'dr teller is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr teller is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2170,[u'dr wilkin is an excellent foot and ankle surgeon']
2171,[u'smart doctor gives good answers\r\nhighly recommend']
2172,[u'thank you for helping both patients and doctors with difficult medical questions and bringing your experience and expertise to us!']
2173,[u'dr thompson is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr thompson is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2174,[u'dr taylor is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr taylor is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'this is very useful information  thank you dr taylor']
2175,[u'very thoughtful extremely knowledgeable a great doctor a great human being it is my pleasure to be able to write this recommendation'  u'dr rafat provides excellent information on podiatry to the public via healthtap'  u'dr raft enjoys his practice and wants to share his knowledge-dave'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
2176,[u'i would recommend and endore dr davantizis without hesitation  dr davantzis does all he can to not only cut through the confusion that patients struggle with  but he does so with well-thought out and meaningful answers  he truly cares not only for his patients  but for the profession of dentistry'  u'i endorse this dentist  i have known dr davantzis professionally and personally for many years  his clinical and interpersonal skills are outstanding  he truly cares for his patients as if they were his own family  i would highly recommend him to anyone in need of dental care'  u'it is a pleasure to speak on behalf of a trusted and proficient colleague whom i have known for 30 years  ted is an intelligent  articulate  compassionate and highly capable clinician  his patients are quite fortunate to have him as their dentist'  u'dr davantzis demonstrates a clear commitment to the dental profession  and to the community his posts on avvo reflect his vast knowledge and expertise  i believe that he is an asset to his profession and to his patients!'  u'i endorse dr davantzis for his ongoing effort to help patients in need of dental advice  for his vast knowledge  and with whom i share his philosophies concerning dental treatment  he is a credit to our profession'  u'dr davantzis gives clear answers and explanantion in a very kind tone  i find myself in agreement with dr davantzis and i endorse this dentist  thank you dr davantzis for your professionalism\nzev kaufman  dds']
2177,[u'very talented']
2178,[u'dr harper has been admired and recommended for all he is and all he does in the interest of his patients  i must agree all and especially with the most compelling of these accolades  from aaron h  who confirms that dr harper is not only an amazing physician but  also  an amazing father  there is no greater praise and it is obviously well deserved'  umost people spend more time shopping for a new car than they select a physician it's important to find a physician you trust and feel comfortable with dr irving w harper  iii is the only one you need to know he is a human being who cares about people i'm really learning a lot from him highly recommended!  udr harper's crystal clear vision & thinking  brief succinct statements to the point  broad encompassing knowledge  and openhearted passion have driven me to recommend him to anyone needing his personal attention  care  and service go to him; he will and can help  u'dr harper is a very knowledgeable and compassionate doctor who gives practical and sensible advice i enjoy reading his answers highly recommended '  udr harper's tips and answers show he is a caring and dedicated physician health tap is lucky to have his experience and expertise  u'respected specialist in internal medicine gives quick  informative answers highly recommend']
2179,[u'dr weitberg is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr weitberg is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2180,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'knowledgeable expert in ent highly recommend']
2181,[u'exceptional answers and very knowledgeable   excellent doctor!']
2182,[u'dedicated and knowledgeable; dr wenzel is a leader in the field of foot and ankle surgery'  u'excellent and well thought-out advice and recommendations']
2183,[ui like & admire dr raff's stock of passion & compassion  wealth of specialty knowledge  and keen instinct to conjecture useful solutions beyond available facts so  i recommend her to anyone needing her specialty care/service without reservation \r\n\r\n(james) chin-ti lin  md  udr raff provides a tremendous service to patients with his expertise and caring manner he is certainly my go-to source when i need expert opinion  and i've learned a great deal from reading his answers outstanding!  u'excellent well thought out answers an excellent resource for patients and an asset to healthtap anybody who takes their personal time  to answer patient questions and does so without anything in return is fine by me'  u'dr raff has an outstanding breath of knowledge about infectious diseases and medicine in general he provides an exceptional public service through the education he provides via health tap i recommend dr raff'  udr raff gives sensible  direct answers to a wide range of questions  he teaches me a lot about infectious disease!  he's also a consistently positive presence on healthtap  and i recommend him highly  uyou can't get any better than dr raff  head of the id division when i was in med school and residency at u of louisville  he is extremely knowledgeable  but also a great teacher and a caring doctor]
2184,[u'thank you doc thats what i thought the history is lengthy lost my aunt and grandmother to it and my uncle has it thank you again for your help'  u'dr westmoreland is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr westmoreland is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'best doctor i have ever seen']
2185,[u'dr ruiz-healy provides thoughtful  helpful  and insightful answers that help all users of this site!'  uanswers patient's questions in a timely manner  very knowledgeable!  u'highly recommended and enthusiastic to helping his clients-dave'  u'great pediatrician great answers \r\nhighly recommend'  u'knowlegeable and caring answers'  u'excellent physician !']
2186,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
2187,[u'dr smith is really knows his field and provides clear and caring answers a great and trustworthy resource!'  u'experienced  respected specialist in ent and head and neck surgery highly recommend'  u'very accurate and timely responses'  u'great doc!']
2188,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
2189,[u'dr kuruvilla is a great podiatrist  he is very caring with his patients and he has great surgical skills  i would recommend dr kuruvilla to my personal family and friends'  u'this is my personal foot and ankle specialist'  u'best foot and ankle surgeon and doc in lv']
2190,[u'i took my son into see him and it was such a wonderful experience i was so impressed by his questions he spoke directly to me and my son now when my son sees him  he hugs him  i wish he could be my pediatrician as well'  u'dr johnson is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr johnson is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2191,[u'my wife age 32 has interstitial nephritis she is on steriod therapy for last 2 and half year imuran and prednisolone please advice regarding pregnancy safe or not how to tackle'  u'he is very attentive and thorough he took the time to talk to me before examining me and that made me feel very comfortable'  u'dr weissberg is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr weissberg is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'hey']
2192,[u'i have been impressed with dr minich pointed answers with knowledge  depth  wit  and kindness so  i highly recommend her to anyone looking for care / service from her specialty without reservation \r\n\r\n(james) chin-ti lin  md'  u'dr minich is a dedicated doctor  who has been actively answering complex medical questions with compassion  and insight she provides practical and solutions  and recommendations for patients great healthteam expert'  u'i highly endorse dr diane mimich as an expert in her field and as an asset to the healthtap community of experts she is knowledgeable  insightful and empathetic i think that she is an asset  to our physician panel'  u'i have learned a great deal from dr minich here on healthtap and have learned a great deal from her thoughtful  expert  and helpful answers to her patients i look forward to learning more from her!'  u'i recommend dr minich she is providing a valuable service to the public via healthtap she provides sensible  accurate and respectful input i endorse dr minich'  u'dr minich is an extremely knowledgeable physician who obviously care greatly for her patients and their health she is a terrific asset to the healthtap community!']
2193,[u'i endorse dr weisman board certified in neurology  behavioral neurology & neuropsychiatry - he brings a vast wealth of knowledge to healthtap the information he provides  is cutting edge  accurate and understandable  dr weisman is providing an invaluable service to the public via healthtap'  u'eric is one of the most brilliant and talented neurologists that i have had the pleasure of collaborating with in my functional integrated medicine practice   he is beautifully trained  and is extremely skilled  i recommend him without reservation'  uit is a pleasure to read dr weisman's responses he comes to healthtap with an impressive background in more than just medicine he is extremely well rounded his answers are poignant and straight-forward i recommend him highly  u'gives great answers to patients and collaborates generously and effectively with colleagues personable and easily approachable by one and all we are lucky to have him here!'  u'your dedication and commitment to providing quality health consultation on healthtap is greatly admired and a true benefit to your patients'  u'impressive and clearly caring specialist with a great skill for teaching those of us  who can only stand in the shadow of neurologists']
2194,[u'dr daniel has provided many succinct and careful answers to questions as a neurosurgeon  i learn about some of the nuances in radiologic interpretations from dr daniel'  ui look forward to dr daniel's insights whenever i find a question he has answered  he helps both the patients and the doctors on healthtap  ui'd like to thank dr daniel for his assistance with a curbside consult i had  his insights were very much appreciated!  uvery helpful and insightful responses to patient's questions great to have a very knowledgeable radiologist on this site]
2195,[u'dr inwood is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr inwood is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr inwood is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'tks for info  appreciate that you suggested more than one possibility'  u'i am grateful for this doctor this thanksgiving!']
2196,[u'great dentist!!']
2197,[u'i have been following dr singh\'s answers for some time and am impressed in how easily his answers get right to the heart of the questions you might say that his answers all have a certain pop to them'  u'your dedication and commitment to providing quality health consultation on healthtap is greatly admired and a true benefit to your patients keep up the good work'  udr singh provides very informative answers that are right on track with the questions asked  he's a wonderful asset to the healthtap community!  u'dr singh  addresses patient questions in a concise  clear manner  with  links for additional information  excellent physician!'  u'prolific and insightful  dr singh is an important contributor valued by his patients and his physician colleagues'  u'i recommend this doctor  very insightful and i learn something new from these answers']
2198,[uhi doc:\r\ngood advice!!\r\ni've added your to my network and recommended you\r\ni would appreciate a return of the favor\r\ni'm on omfs in sacramento  ca\r\nthanks\r\nlouis gallia md  dmd  facs  u'very helpful and responsive  i recommend highly'  u'nice job!  continued caring and informative']
2199,[u'dr moats is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr moats is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2200,[u'a very knowledgeable and dedicated doctor and highly appreciated for his contributions']
2201,[u'accurate & impressive!']
2202,[uimpressed by answers which convey an expanded perspective regarding complex clinical issues  providing doctor education  and patient understanding  these approaches reify the value of dr jaren's contributions to healthtap  udr jaren gives intelligent  thoughtful and easy to understand answers  he's a great resource  especially for neurologic questions  u'based upon the materials presented  dr jaren has reputable training and experience'  u'very knowledgeable physician with great resources  recommend without reservation!'  u'dr jaren is a great physician and educator thanks for all you do on healthtap'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
2203,[u'dr kontis is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr kontis is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2204,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'mark enjoys helping his clients return back to normal- dave burns']
2205,[u'being trained  licensed  & board certified both medically (both otolaryngology and facial plastic & reconstructive surgery) and dentally (oral & maxillofacial surgery) drgallia is in possession of an incredibly impressive breadth of training  knowledge  and experience in his field  his answers to questions are clear  precise  & very helpful &it is my pleasure to recommend him very highly indeed'  u'although i live far from dr lou  i have had the chance to see his recommendations  his accolades and his patient satisfaction i highly recommend dr lou for his experience  recognition nationally and his devotion to his community of patients'  u'great doctor he gets right to the point  addresses the issue in a straightforward manner and tells you who to follow up with what more could you want glad to have him here on healthtapcom impressed with his tmj expertise'  u'i have known dr gallia to be extremely knowledgable as an oral surgeon and have been very pleased with the way he has teated my patients  i have no hesitation in recommending him'  u'dr gallia is an expert in his field and i highly recommend searching him out for answers relating to ent  maxillofacial  tmj  and other related areas of interest!'  u'not your basic or all surgeon  best of the best! very experience oral surgeon many additional specialties definitely in good hands and highly recommended!']
2206,[u'dr culviner is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr culviner is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'i love coach ed']
2207,[u'a  highly skilled surgeon and compassionate and down to earth physician i highly recommend him']
2208,[u'top oral surgeon']
2209,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
2210,[u'dr giordano is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr giordano is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2211,[u'dr oscar novick is an excellent pediatrician who demonstrates a wide-breadth of knowledge across medical specialties his responses are concise  practical  and insightful and i look forward to reading them additionally he is kind and caring as reflected in his answers i am happy to have dr novick as my colleague on healthtap!'  ui like & admire dr novick 's vastness of passion & compassion  wealth in his specialty knowledge  and keen instinct to conjecture useful solutions beyond available facts so  i recommend him without reservation to anyone in need for his specialty care and service \r\n\r\n(james) chin-ti lin  md  u'dr novick is clearly has an outstanding knowledge of pediatrics he is providing an excellent service to the public via healhtap the information he provides is understandable  accurate & compassionate i endorse dr novick'  u'excellent well thought out answers an excellent resource for patients and an asset to healthtap anybody who takes their personal time  to answer patient questions and does so without anything in return is fine by me'  u'i am always amazed at his breadth of knowledge in pediatrics- it is obvious from his answers and online presence  he is an expert in pediatrics and a value to the health tap community'  u'dr novick has my highest recommendation he is a well respected pediatrician in his community and it is great to see  expertise and insights shared on health tap']
2212,[u'i am so glad that dr kamnani has joined our healthtap family she is very knowledgeable in the field of obstetrics and gynecology she is providing a real service to the public i endorse dr kamnani'  u'very accurate and timely responses'  u'thank you!']
2213,[u'dr jon fishburn is a compassionate devoted ophthamologist who give sound advice and is well respected in his field i highly recommend dr jonas a colleague and as a friend'  u'a very knowledgeable physician  i highly recommend dr jon fishburn!'  u'great answers very helpful! thank you!'  u'quite knowledgable  well informed '  u'solid  prompt and accurate answers'  u'concise  informative answers']
2214,[uthis dr gave me questions that my dr's have never brought up so now i can ask the questions i did not know ask  u'dr gupta is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr gupta is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2215,[u'dr adu is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr adu is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2216,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
2217,[u'dr visotsky is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr visotsky is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2218,[u'excellent knowledge source in dr rayson']
2219,[u'dr gabor  has an outstanding knowledge base of both diagnostic radiology and of medicine in general (across the board)  he is providing a valuable service to the public via healthtap i endorse dr gabor'  u'dr michael gabor is an excellent physician  very knowledgeable passionate  and on the top of his field he is a great value to the people of ny  and to the family of health tap'  u'dr gabor is a very knowledgeable and compassionate doctor always enjoy reading his insightful answers highly recommended'  u'understandable answers  educates us all both patients and doctors alike  generous and collaborative recommended to all!'  u'dr gabor has been an excellent consultant and is a great asset to thr healthtap prime physician community'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
2220,[u'he gave a very accurate and prompt answer aftering seeing 4 doctors personally and not getting a diagnosis much less a treatment  dr ramirez suggested such a seemingly simple yet highly effective sollution thank you dr ramirez!'  u'dr ramirez is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr ramirez is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2221,[u'dr macaron is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr macaron is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2222,[u'i recommend this doctor  very insightful and i learn something new from these answers'  u'a top doctor we are lucky to have dr eleczcko contribute to healthtap'  u'knowledgeable  caring  answers well founded in scientific fact'  u'excellent dentist  very informative and helpful answers'  u'a very knowledgeable  dedicated and caring dentist'  u'thanks for your valuable contributions']
2223,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
2224,[u'dr rao has a deep knowledge of an impressive array of medical topics he cuts straight to the heart of the matter and explains difficult topics in a manner that is very easy to understand the mississippi delta is very privileged to enjoy his service'  u'i highly recommend dr rao he is an outstanding physician  his expertise in medicine matches his compassion and care for patients an unique resource to both patients and doctors on health tap! \r\nthank you  you are great  dr rao!'  u'i am consistently impressed with the content and quality of the information that dr rao provides on health tap  he provides a real service to the public i recommend dr rao'  u'i recommend you as a well know expert in your field\r\ndr jakavick would recommend this dr to all who seek their expertise'  u'very informative answers   always quick to respond to patients   definitely a great doctor!'  u'dr rao provides great advice on healthtap he is on my referral network']
2225,[ui enjoy dr roberts' succinct  common-sense answers and the way he meets patients where they are collaborates well with colleagues  and teaches us all something! an asset to healthtap!!]
2226,[uexcellent answers and quick responses with very helpful and thoughtful information offered to patient's questions  u'top doctor']
2227,[u'dr borookhim is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr borookhim is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2228,[u'dr whitfield advocates for his patients  solving problems with technical mastery  and compassion as an innovator and leader  he is a role model for doctors and a resource for the community'  u'dr whitfield is a well trained exceptional plastic surgeon  he is very caring and always tries to achieve the best possible results for his patients']
2229,[u'i find holistic medicine fascinating i have learned  great information by reading the information that dr rinker provides  thank you'  u'excellent source especially for multi-functional disorders requiring synthesis of many organ systems and medications'  u'i enjoyed reading her answers they tell of caring practioner'  u'excellent credentials and interests'  u'very  knowledgeable and caring']
2230,[u'dr siddiqui is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr siddiqui is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2231,[u'dr tarawneh is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr tarawneh is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'i heart this doctor!']
2232,[udr schleimer  simply stated  amazes me with his vast knowledge  independent thinking  spot on answers  professionalism and articulate responses  i'm sure his patients are lucky to have him as their dentist and receiving the highest quality dentistry  u'dr schleimer  is very knowledgeable  his answers reflect  the  understanding  of  dental  health that comes with experience  and education we can all learn and  benefit from this doctor'  u'with all of the prefabricated mcbraces out there dr schleimer is one who focuses on what is best for the patient  not selling what people want when it is not sound'  u'thorough  precise & detailed very impressive'  u'accurate and timely opinions'  u'i recommend this physician!']
2233,[ui endorse dr chiu it's clear from his answers to challenging questions that he is indeed an expert in his field  he is a wonderful resource to healthtap and therefore to the public who needs sound medical answers  u'dr chiu is a very knowledgeable and compassionate doctor who gives practical and sensible advice i enjoy reading his answers highly recommended'  u'excellent fund of knowledge in his specialty thorough but to the point answers to questions'  u'good practical answers'  u'highly recommended-dave'  u'highly recommend']
2234,[u'i highly endorse dr jeffrey bassman as an expert on health tap and healthtap prime his comments and insights are educational for both patients and physicians he is an asset to the healthtap community'  u'dr bassman is an extremely knowledgeable and dedicated dentist excellent answers and advice'  u'very knowledgable  fantastic answers with quick responses\nexcellent  excellent doctor!'  u'excellent responses to questions and very supportive of patients strongly recommended'  u'i highly recommend dr bassman and thank you for your contributions to healthtap'  u'a very knowledgable and compassionate doctor always gives very sound advice']
2235,[u'i truly appreciate the work you guys do! thank you for being part of this community!  keep up the good work!'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'very timely and accurate responses']
2236,[u'i commend dr murray for his consistently excellent  thorough  articulate  and to the point advice'  u'great dds!!!']
2237,[u'i would recommend and endore dr davantizis without hesitation  dr davantzis does all he can to not only cut through the confusion that patients struggle with  but he does so with well-thought out and meaningful answers  he truly cares not only for his patients  but for the profession of dentistry'  u'i endorse this dentist  i have known dr davantzis professionally and personally for many years  his clinical and interpersonal skills are outstanding  he truly cares for his patients as if they were his own family  i would highly recommend him to anyone in need of dental care'  u'it is a pleasure to speak on behalf of a trusted and proficient colleague whom i have known for 30 years  ted is an intelligent  articulate  compassionate and highly capable clinician  his patients are quite fortunate to have him as their dentist'  u'dr davantzis demonstrates a clear commitment to the dental profession  and to the community his posts on avvo reflect his vast knowledge and expertise  i believe that he is an asset to his profession and to his patients!'  u'i endorse dr davantzis for his ongoing effort to help patients in need of dental advice  for his vast knowledge  and with whom i share his philosophies concerning dental treatment  he is a credit to our profession'  u'dr davantzis gives clear answers and explanantion in a very kind tone  i find myself in agreement with dr davantzis and i endorse this dentist  thank you dr davantzis for your professionalism\nzev kaufman  dds']
2238,[u'i would  like to welcome dr  bradley to avvocom he is providing a valuable public service through his insightful responses on avvocom'  u'dr bradley has provided insightful  compassionate and well thought out answers on avvo  he is a welcome addition to the avvo community'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'i enjoy your comments useful and practical']
2239,[udr burns offers consistently helpful information in his responses he's very knowledgeable and i highly recommend him he is an excellent addition to healthtap  u'i recommend dr burnsvery caring which is especially great in an emergency department setting'  u'i recommend dr james burns highly  very knowledgeable']
2240,[u'i would  like to welcome dr  bradley to avvocom he is providing a valuable public service through his insightful responses on avvocom'  u'dr bradley has provided insightful  compassionate and well thought out answers on avvo  he is a welcome addition to the avvo community'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'i enjoy your comments useful and practical']
2241,[u'dr michael kleerekoper is an excellent physician very knowledgeable passionate and on the top of his field both in internal medicine and endocrinology he is a great value to the peolpe of ohio and to the family of health tap'  u'dr kleerekoper s a very knowledgeable and compassionate doctor who gives practical and sensible advice i enjoy reading his answers highly recommended'  u'great insights and great comments i always look forward to reading your answers! i seasons physician with a lot of experience'  u'very accurate and timely responses'  u'highly recommend']
2242,[u'being trained  licensed  & board certified both medically (both otolaryngology and facial plastic & reconstructive surgery) and dentally (oral & maxillofacial surgery) drgallia is in possession of an incredibly impressive breadth of training  knowledge  and experience in his field  his answers to questions are clear  precise  & very helpful &it is my pleasure to recommend him very highly indeed'  u'although i live far from dr lou  i have had the chance to see his recommendations  his accolades and his patient satisfaction i highly recommend dr lou for his experience  recognition nationally and his devotion to his community of patients'  u'great doctor he gets right to the point  addresses the issue in a straightforward manner and tells you who to follow up with what more could you want glad to have him here on healthtapcom impressed with his tmj expertise'  u'i have known dr gallia to be extremely knowledgable as an oral surgeon and have been very pleased with the way he has teated my patients  i have no hesitation in recommending him'  u'dr gallia is an expert in his field and i highly recommend searching him out for answers relating to ent  maxillofacial  tmj  and other related areas of interest!'  u'not your basic or all surgeon  best of the best! very experience oral surgeon many additional specialties definitely in good hands and highly recommended!']
2243,[u'being trained  licensed  & board certified both medically (both otolaryngology and facial plastic & reconstructive surgery) and dentally (oral & maxillofacial surgery) drgallia is in possession of an incredibly impressive breadth of training  knowledge  and experience in his field  his answers to questions are clear  precise  & very helpful &it is my pleasure to recommend him very highly indeed'  u'although i live far from dr lou  i have had the chance to see his recommendations  his accolades and his patient satisfaction i highly recommend dr lou for his experience  recognition nationally and his devotion to his community of patients'  u'great doctor he gets right to the point  addresses the issue in a straightforward manner and tells you who to follow up with what more could you want glad to have him here on healthtapcom impressed with his tmj expertise'  u'i have known dr gallia to be extremely knowledgable as an oral surgeon and have been very pleased with the way he has teated my patients  i have no hesitation in recommending him'  u'dr gallia is an expert in his field and i highly recommend searching him out for answers relating to ent  maxillofacial  tmj  and other related areas of interest!'  u'not your basic or all surgeon  best of the best! very experience oral surgeon many additional specialties definitely in good hands and highly recommended!']
2244,[u'dr sawant is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr sawant is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2245,[u'great knowledgable  dentist  dr yu gives insightful answers']
2246,[u'a vast breadth of knowledge a real empathetic sense of patient care very precise medical descriptions he helps me better understand things i already know!'  udr wright's chair-side etiquette and his treatment of every patient with respect  kindness and dignity  sets him apart he truly put a smile on your face  u'extremely knowledgeable and  informative  with consistently  spot on  to the point and  articulate answers'  u'very knowledgeable  looks at the whole patient\r\nvery informative  kind answers \r\nhighly recommend'  u'on target  thorough answers that teach me in areas beyond my expertise  thanks  dr wright!'  u'very knowledgable doctor   great answers and a great doctor to follow!']
2247,[u'i endorse this dentist dr sophocles is an exceptional practitioner he has an immaculate practice with state of the art equipment his skill level and attention to detail are tremendous he is also always treating his patients with care  compassion  and respect his staff is also extremely knowledgeable and helpful  dr sophocles truly has a first rate practice!'  ui endorse this dentist  michael would be my dentist even if he were not family- he's simply one of the finest in a long line of sophocles dentistry- maybe the best!!  u'i endorse this dentist dr sophocles is a great dentist that is highly admired by both his patients and fellow professionals'  u'i endorse this dentist'  u'i endorse this dentist'  u'i endorse this dentist']
2248,[u'dr newman provides knowledgable and concise responses that are to the point  yet empathic i highly recommend him'  u'very thoughtful ob with a great approach to the person  not just the case'  u'nice answers  appears to be caring']
2249,[udr malerman is an invaluable resource for his thorough  sound advice  he has mastered the art of dispensing a large amount of wisdom in 400 words  as he says medical docs don't know much about matters in front of the tonsils  and i learn so much from his posts!  he also is not shy about reinforcing the wisdom of his peers in both the medical and dental profession  u'dr malerman is not only an expert in his field but knows a lot about everything!  he is a welcomed asset to healthtap and a great patient advocate  highly recommended'  u'dr malerman has consistently shown thoughtful and useful advise to patients in his interactions  i highly recommend him for your orthodontic needs !'  udr malerman provides informative  to-the-point responses on healthtap  he's clearly a knowledgeable and caring orthodontist  u'dr  malerman has a vast fund of knowledge that allows for effectively contributing to this online community of health'  u'dr malerman answers truthfully  understandably and is a fountain of vast dental knowledge i doff my hat to him']
2250,[u'dr bowers is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr bowers is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'good advice']
2251,[u'i am grateful to drgrin for educating not only myself  but all of us here at healthtap about pain management  and  moreover  i am grateful to him for his openness to the effects of psychotherapy i have encountered many pain practitioners who devalue therapy as being unneeded  and that medication solves everything no so for dr grin  and i am relieved he is more forward thinking & collaborative!'  u'what a great guy  excellent physician  wonderful colleague and all around genius in the area of pain as well in a surprising range of other areas  i learn from him every day and have recommended that my own daughter read his information to help sort out her tmj  he does not hesitate to tackle any question and returns clear explanations of the most complex issues seasoned with true compassion'  u'dr grin is a wonderful colleague and physician he is knowledgeable in multiple areas not only in the scope of pain management his genuine compassion is evident not only in the way he cares for patients  but for the community of physicians here on healthtap as well we are all lucky to have him share his wisdom with us!'  u'i am endorsing dr grin he is providing an excellent service to the public on healthtap the medical information  dr grin provides is accurate & understandable dr grin is clearly very knowledgeable about pain management and medicine in general'  uhave been reading dr grin's responses and have been impressed with his lucid explanations of issues that are difficult to explain to non-medical personnel he is thorough  concise  and provides excellent advice  u'i highly endorse dr paul grin as a healthtap and healthtap prime as an expert his commentaries and clinical insights are astute and educational to both patients and physicians he is an asset to our community']
2252,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
2253,[u'dr wachsman is an excellent  caring internist  his background in pharmacology and research make him an ideal consultant for difficult cases'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'insightful responses that addresses patients concerns clearly great doc!'  u'great answer!']
2254,[u'dr kass has consistently shown thoughtful and useful advise to patients in his interactions he is an expert in his field i highly recommend him for your health care needs !'  u'i asked him a question as a colleague and he was prompt to reply with advise  it shows he is committed and really cares'  u'i recommend this doctor  very insightful and i learn something new from these answers'  u'excellent doctor with diagnosis  treatment  surgery with excellent bedside manor'  u'dr kass provides excellent information on podiatry to the public via healthtap'  u'intelligent  accurate  kind answers\r\nhighly recommend']
2255,[u'i endorse dr weisman board certified in neurology  behavioral neurology & neuropsychiatry - he brings a vast wealth of knowledge to healthtap the information he provides  is cutting edge  accurate and understandable  dr weisman is providing an invaluable service to the public via healthtap'  u'eric is one of the most brilliant and talented neurologists that i have had the pleasure of collaborating with in my functional integrated medicine practice   he is beautifully trained  and is extremely skilled  i recommend him without reservation'  uit is a pleasure to read dr weisman's responses he comes to healthtap with an impressive background in more than just medicine he is extremely well rounded his answers are poignant and straight-forward i recommend him highly  u'gives great answers to patients and collaborates generously and effectively with colleagues personable and easily approachable by one and all we are lucky to have him here!'  u'your dedication and commitment to providing quality health consultation on healthtap is greatly admired and a true benefit to your patients'  u'impressive and clearly caring specialist with a great skill for teaching those of us  who can only stand in the shadow of neurologists']
2256,[u'i endorse this doctor  during the last 2yrs i have provided anesthesia for approximately 20 cosmetic procedures with dr walker  i have observed him to be professional and conscientious he is respectful to his patients and or staff as well'  u'i endorse this doctor dr walker takes time to investigate and research his thoughtful answers to questions to provide patients with accurate information'  u'i endorse dr walker he provides a valuable public service through the guidance and medical education he shares on avvocom']
2257,[u'dr rubenstein is a highly knowledgeable and compassionate doctor enjoy reading his answers recommended'  u'a very dedicated dentist with years of knowledge and experience'  u'great dentist']
2258,[u'great dentist!!!']
2259,[u'dr brown is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr brown is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2260,[u'dr rickertsen is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr rickertsen is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2261,[u'dr stringer provides an excellent public service on healthtap his responses are always accurate  pertinent and clear dedicated and bright physician and radiologist!']
2262,[u'dr stephen rothstein is the only ent surgeon you need to know in nyc he gives unbiased advice  let people participate actively in all decisions related to their health and health care  assesses each situation carefully  and help whatever the situation he promotes healths as well as treats disease great asset to health tap'  u'very knowledgable and compassionate doctor who gives practical advice i love following dr rothstein and enjoy reading his answers  always learn something new while reading the answers highly recommended ent doctor'  u'steve is a great guy  well trained  well-mannered  and well-liked by me  for one  as well as the other insightful  docs on healthtap  who recognize excellence when they see it!'  u'dr rothstein  shares his expert knowledge and caring manner with us here on health tap  and i highly recommend him so glad he is on our team'  u'knowledgeable and kind specialist in ent i trust his answers highly recommend'  u'great answers thank you for all your help']
2263,[u'dr kattuah  has some wonderfully succinct and accurate answers  i highly recommend him  dr don e millner'  u'very knowledgeable with excellent  thorough  to the point  answers and advice'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
2264,[udr lovell's a skilled  forthright communicator whose great care and dedication to her patients are readily evident from her contributions on healthtap  members and colleagues alike can rely on her extensive knowledge and sound judgment  u'i recommend dr lovell her knowledge base in internal medicine and rheumatology is vast the information she provides is accurate  complete & understandable she provides a real service to the public on health tap'  udr lovell is an outstanding rheumatologist and a great asset to the healthtap community  i always appreciate her thoughtful  thorough and informative answers to patients' questions  u'dr lovell is dedicated  knowledgeable  provides excellent answers which both patients and doctors learn from i recommend dr lovell without reservation'  u'dr lovell is highly compassionate  knowledgeable physician that is a pleasure to learn from  she is clearly one of the top specialist in her field'  u'fast  fantastic answers to often complex questions  truly an asset to the medical community a true national leader in rheumatology']
2265,[u'dr blomquist is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr blomquist is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2266,[u'i am grateful to drgrin for educating not only myself  but all of us here at healthtap about pain management  and  moreover  i am grateful to him for his openness to the effects of psychotherapy i have encountered many pain practitioners who devalue therapy as being unneeded  and that medication solves everything no so for dr grin  and i am relieved he is more forward thinking & collaborative!'  u'what a great guy  excellent physician  wonderful colleague and all around genius in the area of pain as well in a surprising range of other areas  i learn from him every day and have recommended that my own daughter read his information to help sort out her tmj  he does not hesitate to tackle any question and returns clear explanations of the most complex issues seasoned with true compassion'  u'dr grin is a wonderful colleague and physician he is knowledgeable in multiple areas not only in the scope of pain management his genuine compassion is evident not only in the way he cares for patients  but for the community of physicians here on healthtap as well we are all lucky to have him share his wisdom with us!'  u'i am endorsing dr grin he is providing an excellent service to the public on healthtap the medical information  dr grin provides is accurate & understandable dr grin is clearly very knowledgeable about pain management and medicine in general'  uhave been reading dr grin's responses and have been impressed with his lucid explanations of issues that are difficult to explain to non-medical personnel he is thorough  concise  and provides excellent advice  u'i highly endorse dr paul grin as a healthtap and healthtap prime as an expert his commentaries and clinical insights are astute and educational to both patients and physicians he is an asset to our community']
2267,[u'dr amnet s a very knowledgeable and compassionate doctor who gives practical and sensible advice i enjoy reading his answers highly recommended'  u'dr ament provides a valuable service to the public on health tap his responses are informative and helpful i recommend dr ament'  ui enjoy dr ament's direct  to-the-point answers and wide breadth of knowledge  he's a great asset to the healthtap community!  u'dr ament is clearly a very experienced  highly knowledgeable  and compassionate physician great answers on health tap !']
2268,[u'dr norton is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr norton is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2269,[u'dr shen is clearly a top expert in his field a great resource for patients and professionals alike'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
2270,[u'dr shen is clearly a top expert in his field a great resource for patients and professionals alike'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
2271,[u'dr patel is a pain doctor and not one of the docs i needed  but he did give me good advice and helped as much as he could; very kind  and he was helpful in referring me to a specific doctor'  u'dr patel was very informative and very helpful and i felt much better having received his expert advice'  u'excellent information and was good to speak to someone about my problems thank you'  u'dr patel is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower2'  u'dr patel is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr patel is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2272,[u'dr connolly is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr connolly is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2273,[u'dr volicer is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr volicer is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2274,[u'excellent physician  have referred many patients to him']
2275,[u'dr tau is a colleague  friend  and outstanding dentist who in numerous aspects in the dental world sets the mark for the rest of us to strive for  i endorse this dentist\nmichael i wollock  dmd  agd fellow\ndentistry at suburban'  u'it is a pleasure to endorse dr leonard fredric tau  not only are his answers very informative and well thought out  but his answers give new insight into dentistry that he clearly loves  it is an honor to recommend him'  u'i find dr tau to be a highly knowledgable and passionate supporter of his profession  often writing and freely sharing ideas with those of us in his field his insights on varying topics are held in the highest regard'  u'i endorse this dentist dr tau is a fine dentist and has a very inviting\noffice where patients and treated well in a comfortable setting']
2276,[udr glicksman's responses are impressively comprehensive and well stated  sound in the science underlying her explanations and demonstrate a concern for each and every person's situation  her patients are fortunate to be in her care  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
2277,[u'dr turrisi is a world leader in the field of radiation oncology  and has invented the standard of care in the treatment of many disease  most famously small cell lung cancer one of my greatest professional regrets is that i failed to convince him to serve as chairman of our department'  u'a renaissance man and physician loquacious with content and humor and a scholar of lung cancer and medicine in general'  u'detroit is lucky to have such a good doc!'  u'an excellent physicain'  u'excellent physician!']
2278,[u'dr turrisi is a world leader in the field of radiation oncology  and has invented the standard of care in the treatment of many disease  most famously small cell lung cancer one of my greatest professional regrets is that i failed to convince him to serve as chairman of our department'  u'a renaissance man and physician loquacious with content and humor and a scholar of lung cancer and medicine in general'  u'detroit is lucky to have such a good doc!'  u'an excellent physicain'  u'excellent physician!']
2279,[u'dr thamman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr thamman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'thanks :)']
2280,[u'dr cuevas is extremely knowledgeable and caring\r\na trusted doctor who helps patients as well as other practitioners']
2281,[u'outstanding healthtap physician with excellent  accurate  scientific and helpful  educated answers  cares for patients and answers questions in thoughtful  kind manner  highly recommend'  u'dr higginbotham consistently gives excellent & reliable advice about all aspects of gynecology & obstetrics'  udr higginbotham's credentials are superb!  his answers are accurate and very succinct!!!  u'nice answers  appears to be caring'  u'very accurate clear answers'  u'highly recommend']
2282,[u'dr liebowitz is an expert on depression and anxiety with a wealth of experience evident in his answers  not only is he knowlegeable about the conditions but is up to date on the latest medications and treatment options  he has my recommendation!'  u'we are priviledged to have such an expert as dr liebowitz on health tap his contributions in bipolar disorder  depression are important he is a major contributor to the health tap community'  u'knowledegeable and caring answers']
2283,[u'dr oscar novick is an excellent pediatrician who demonstrates a wide-breadth of knowledge across medical specialties his responses are concise  practical  and insightful and i look forward to reading them additionally he is kind and caring as reflected in his answers i am happy to have dr novick as my colleague on healthtap!'  ui like & admire dr novick 's vastness of passion & compassion  wealth in his specialty knowledge  and keen instinct to conjecture useful solutions beyond available facts so  i recommend him without reservation to anyone in need for his specialty care and service \r\n\r\n(james) chin-ti lin  md  u'dr novick is clearly has an outstanding knowledge of pediatrics he is providing an excellent service to the public via healhtap the information he provides is understandable  accurate & compassionate i endorse dr novick'  u'excellent well thought out answers an excellent resource for patients and an asset to healthtap anybody who takes their personal time  to answer patient questions and does so without anything in return is fine by me'  u'i am always amazed at his breadth of knowledge in pediatrics- it is obvious from his answers and online presence  he is an expert in pediatrics and a value to the health tap community'  u'dr novick has my highest recommendation he is a well respected pediatrician in his community and it is great to see  expertise and insights shared on health tap']
2284,[ui enjoy reading dr earle's answers and find myself agreeing and often learninfg something  he is clear  thorough and up to date  i recommend him as an excellent resource for your surgical questions  u'he is a surgical expert who is knowledgeablegroin hernia  hiatal hernia  hernia repair  hernia  gastroesophageal reflux disease\r\nwe are fortunate to have him contributing to the health tap community'  u'fast  fantastic answers to often complex questions  truly an asset to the medical community a true national leader in general surgery'  u'i recommend you as a well know expert in your field\r\ndr jakavick would recommend this dr to all who seek their expertise'  u'dr earle always provides reliable  excellent and accurate answers george klauber'  u'excellent and personable surgeon  highly regarded and expert in reflux treatments']
2285,[u'i highly endorse dr jeffrey bassman as an expert on health tap and healthtap prime his comments and insights are educational for both patients and physicians he is an asset to the healthtap community'  u'dr bassman is an extremely knowledgeable and dedicated dentist excellent answers and advice'  u'very knowledgable  fantastic answers with quick responses\nexcellent  excellent doctor!'  u'excellent responses to questions and very supportive of patients strongly recommended'  u'i highly recommend dr bassman and thank you for your contributions to healthtap'  u'a very knowledgable and compassionate doctor always gives very sound advice']
2286,[u'with an abundance of experience  keen insight  razor sharp mind and unquestionable compassion   dr zimon contributes a wealth of information to enhance the knowledge of patients and doctors  he shares the perspective of one who has seen the science of medicine completely change over the years and the foresight of one who can take these years of science and predict what is coming'  u'dr zimon clearly know his stuff and shares openly with both colleagues and patients alike we are fortunate to have him here on healthtap!'  u'i endorse dr zimon  with a keen knowledge of internal medicine  he is providing an excellent service to the public via healthtap'  u'great answers from a clinician with a wealth of experience and expressed with an unmistakable passion for his patients welfare'  u'offers insightful advice and knowledge from one who is well founded and experienced in medicine'  u'experience  knowledge and keen insight']
2287,[u'dr sharma is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr sharma is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2288,[u'dr king is leader in the field of phlebology   and has contributed significant original research to forward our understanding of the field dr king is knowledgeable   caring dedicated good humored and much more dr king embodies the best attributes of a physician and surgeon'  u'dr king stands amongst the best in the field of phlebology he is a compassionate  trustworthy  dedicated and competent physician'  ualways excellent trustworthy and well written meaningful answers to patient's questions an wonderful physician asset on this site  u'dr king is a most professional   knowledgable and caring physician who deserves great respect\ndr marsha davis'  u'dr king is a well-respected authority on the treatment of chronic venous disease'  u'intelligent  respected expert in phlebology and other areas\r\nhighly recommend']
2289,[u'dr rafie is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr rafie is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2290,[u'an excellent and very experienced phlebologist']
2291,[u'dr joe woods is reliably well informed with superb knowledge base  and able to parse very complex situations into easy understandable directives highly recommended ! ed seegers md  facp'  u'strongly recommended great posts for patients and thorough  attentive answers to practitioners alike knowledgeable  attentive  enthusiastic!'  u'i highly recommend dr woods even other experts learn from his answers'  uanswers patient's questions in a timely manner  very knowledgeable!  u'excellent responses to questions and very supportive of patients'  u'excellent pathologist! great asset to healthtap!']
2292,[u'i felt so stupid when i asked this guy a semi-paranoical question and just got reminded of blood sugar levels it was more simple than i thought thanks a lot! made a difference'  u'dr rothman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr rothman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr rothman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr rothman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr rothman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2293,[u'i highly endorse dr darrin cunningham as an expert on the healthtap and healthtap prime networks his commentaries are astute and educational for both patients and physicians alike and he is an asset to our community'  u'excellent sound advice from this doctor and he is an asset to healthtap'  u'precise  informative answers thank you for caring to help!'  u'a very intelligent  caring physician'  u'very high quality responses']
2294,[u'dr devin is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr devin is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2295,[u'dr lamperti is not only a good person  but a great physician  i endorse this doctor'  u'i endorse this doctor  dr lamperti is comprehensive  understanding and collegial']
2296,[u'his answers are thoughtful  correct & show great insight'  u'exc doc']
2297,[u'gives very knowledgeable  factual answers\r\nhighly recommend']
2298,[u'knowledgeable answers  cares for patients'  u'great dentist!!!']
2299,[ui have a shoulder impingement i just started pain in my armpit of the same shoulder he was able to detect why i had pain when i put my chin to my chest i didn't mention my impingement he's right  u'he always answers quicklyon nights i was up scared he helped calm mei feel blessed to have a brilliant dr who will reach out and not ask for anything'  uhe answered back quickly even though i didn't get the answer i wanted  he was great help!  ui'm glad he answered my question that was puzzling to me  now i have some peace of mind  u'i am much obliged to dr colantino for his prompt and instructive information'  u'dr colantino is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2300,[u'a concise answer  compassion and experience is what you will get when dr michalski answers one of your questions  such a great value to the healthtap community!'  u'i endorse dr michalski  he is a powerhouse of knowledge and provides an excellent service to the public via healthtap'  u'a kind and helpful expert who has helped so many\r\nhighly recommend'  u'great responses very accurate comes highly recommended'  u'very knowledgeable and an asset to the health tap system'  u'very timely and accurate responses']
2301,[u'expert specialist in internal medicine highly recommend']
2302,[ui have reviewed many of dr po's answers and consultations he is extremely knowledgeable about infectious diseases and general medicine his consultations typically involve very complicated issues and he handles them with calm confidence i would recommend dr po to my patients without reservation  u'dr po is not only highly knowledgeable in infectious diseases and internal medicine  but his answers are always accurate  stated succinctly and understandably  and he has empathy and obviously cares about the people to whom he is responding'  u'i fully recommend dr john leander po to anyone needing his help as he seems to care deeply about his field of infectious disease great physician and colleague and asset to the community at healthtap!'  u'i endorse dr po dr po is clearly very knowledgable about infectious diseases and medicine in general he is providing a valuable service to the public via health tap'  u'you need only one doctor for infectious disease and he is dr john leander po highly recommended with no hesitation'  ui have complete confidence in dr po's management of my patient's infectious disease problems]
2303,[u'great answers!  thank you!']
2304,[u'i have been impressed with dr minich pointed answers with knowledge  depth  wit  and kindness so  i highly recommend her to anyone looking for care / service from her specialty without reservation \r\n\r\n(james) chin-ti lin  md'  u'dr minich is a dedicated doctor  who has been actively answering complex medical questions with compassion  and insight she provides practical and solutions  and recommendations for patients great healthteam expert'  u'i highly endorse dr diane mimich as an expert in her field and as an asset to the healthtap community of experts she is knowledgeable  insightful and empathetic i think that she is an asset  to our physician panel'  u'i have learned a great deal from dr minich here on healthtap and have learned a great deal from her thoughtful  expert  and helpful answers to her patients i look forward to learning more from her!'  u'i recommend dr minich she is providing a valuable service to the public via healthtap she provides sensible  accurate and respectful input i endorse dr minich'  u'dr minich is an extremely knowledgeable physician who obviously care greatly for her patients and their health she is a terrific asset to the healthtap community!']
2305,[u'an amazing knowledgeable  dedicated and caring physician'  u'very good source of knowledge']
2306,[u'being trained  licensed  & board certified both medically (both otolaryngology and facial plastic & reconstructive surgery) and dentally (oral & maxillofacial surgery) drgallia is in possession of an incredibly impressive breadth of training  knowledge  and experience in his field  his answers to questions are clear  precise  & very helpful &it is my pleasure to recommend him very highly indeed'  u'although i live far from dr lou  i have had the chance to see his recommendations  his accolades and his patient satisfaction i highly recommend dr lou for his experience  recognition nationally and his devotion to his community of patients'  u'great doctor he gets right to the point  addresses the issue in a straightforward manner and tells you who to follow up with what more could you want glad to have him here on healthtapcom impressed with his tmj expertise'  u'i have known dr gallia to be extremely knowledgable as an oral surgeon and have been very pleased with the way he has teated my patients  i have no hesitation in recommending him'  u'dr gallia is an expert in his field and i highly recommend searching him out for answers relating to ent  maxillofacial  tmj  and other related areas of interest!'  u'not your basic or all surgeon  best of the best! very experience oral surgeon many additional specialties definitely in good hands and highly recommended!']
2307,[u'dr tanya russo combines a deep understanding of the practice/philosophies of medicine with the ability to communicate her knowledge in language that is easy to understand  her answers are clear  thorough  and demonstrate kindness and compassion  she is a fine example of a healthtap physician'  udr tanya russo always provides excellent  relevant medical advice to her challenging cases as a healthtap prime doctor she's caring & compassionate toward her patients  and is highly regarded by all she is a welcomed addition to the healthap team  u'dr russo not only displays excellent knowledge of childhood disorders but  also a much broader knowledge of medicine in general  her manner is gentle but straight-forward  i would not hesitate to refer a patient to or consult with dr russo'  u'excellent knowledge base and communication skills highly respected expert in pediatrics and an impressive number of other medical fields i would take my own children to her without hesitation i recommend her very highly'  udr russo is an excellent clinician who i've had the chance to work directly with her attention to detail and well thought out plans make her a great asset to anyone's network she's also just a great all around person  u'dr russo is an excellent physician she provides great answers and tremendous care to her patients i learn from her and enjoy reading her answers to questions i recommend her highly!!']
2308,[u'dr olson is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr olson is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2309,[u'dr parvez is always ready to jump in & offer his considerable & broad medical expertise to healthtap patients i\'ve personally found him a warm & supportive colleague  as well as refreshingly open-minded it is my great pleasure to recommend him'  udr parvez provides reliable  intelligent  and helpful answers on healthtap  his knowledge is wide-ranging  and he's curious and open-minded too  these are excellent qualities in a physician who wants to help others  thank you  dr parvez!  u'dr mohammed parvez is very well trained and knowledgeable in internal medicine his answers are timely  empathic  and very helpful i learn from his answers as i am sure others do on this website as well'  u'i recommend dr mohammed parvez he clearly has an excellent knowledge base for internal medicine and medicine in general he is providing a valuable service to the public through healthtap'  u'dr parvez provides thoughtful and accurate advice to complex problems in a manner easily understood by most lay persons  and as such adds a valuable voice to the healthtap community'  u'i highly recommend and endorse  dr mohammed parvez as an expert physician with excellent insight and empathy for his patients he is an asset to healthtap']
2310,[u'practical  helpful answers from a very knowledgeable physician  i recommend dr khreim'  u'gives wise and helpful advice well respected expert\r\nhighly recommend'  u'good credentials  knowledgable'  u'great answers!']
2311,[ui've had the privilege of reviewing many of dr arnoult's responses to questions which touch the fields of not only family medicine but other areas of specialization her responses are clear  firm  and accurate  i am in full agreement with my colleagues who find her responsive style of the highest quality & in line with what patients in this modern day are looking for in their doctors  u'i have known dr arnoult for many years since we both had our practices here in chambersburg pa i know for a fact that her patients loved her and had great respect for her because of her knowledge and dedication patient care always came first  very respected by her medical colleagues as well the community is very fortunate to have her here she is highly recommended!'  u'i highly endorse dr susan arnoult as an expert on healthtap and healthtap prime her comments are astute and educational for both patients and physicians alike she is an asset to the healthtap community'  u'dr arnoult is a calm and caring family physician with a wide knowledge base and consistent presence on healthtap  it is a pleasure to read her responses  her online bedside manner is admirable'  u'i endorse dr arnoult she is a power house of knowledge she provides sensible  accurate & compassionate input she is providing a great public service via healthtap'  u'dr arnoult is a knowledgable  caring doctor working for the care of the whole patient in a balanced and professional manner her dedication is inspiring']
2312,[u'dr sabel is a respected  careful  and thoughtful surgeon who takes care of each patient like he would a family member']
2313,[u'highly recommend dr honore  his answers are extremely thoughtful and he provides an extensive amount of education in his answers  would definitely seek his advice for obstetrics  gynecology  infertility and reproductive endocrinology  exceptional physician'  u'accurate common-sense responses to some difficult questions makes this physician a valuable source of information on healthtap  he appears not only to have an extensive knowledge base but indicates empathy for the problems confronting his questioners'  u'dr honore provides an exceptional public service on healthtap he is extremely knowledgable about fertility his responses are mindful  clear  helpful and accurate i learn alot from the information he provides i recommend dr  honore'  u'dr honore is an excellent and experienced physician who i have personally known since 1999 and we were partners at uthscsa i recommend him without reservations'  u'i have worked with dr honore for at least 10 years and can say without reservations that he is outstanding with his bedside manor and his surgical ability!'  u'a caring  accomplished professional  whose answer are accurate and timely  for the couple in stressful situation highly recommend dr honore!']
2314,[u'dr barrere is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr barrere is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2315,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'highly recommend']
2316,[u'dr ibrahim provides pertinent information  and has excellent clinical skills he is also supportive and helpful to new doctors joining the healthtap team so that we can excel further in this platform of serving  and caring for patients'  u'dr ibrahim has extensive knowledge and experience and is able to communicate such in easy to understand terms he is highly ranked nationally in all categories! his responses can be counted on as being on the cutting edge of knowledge'  u'i fully recommend dr ibrahim to anyone needing his help as he has provided wonderful answers and seems to care deeply about his field of pain management  great physician and colleague!'  u'dr ibrahim gives valuable  clear  and understandable answers his experience  knowledge  and concern for patience is obvious a great asset to health tap'  u'i recommend dr ibrahim he is very knowledgable about pain managment and medicine in general he is providing an excellent public service via healthtap'  u'dr ibrahim is a caring physician he consistently provides excellent information to patients on healthtap he is a great asset to this community']
2317,[u'dr samra is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr samra is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2318,[u'dr khan has provided great answers to difficult questions he has also been supportive  helpful  and a wonderful health tap physician  who takes to time to  help new doctors with the platform he is a wealth of knowledge  and great clinical information great job!'  u'dr qamar khan offers great responses on healthtap he is very good at his craft and his knowledge comes through clearly and succinctly it is great to have such an active pain management doc on healthtap we will all be enriched by his responses'  u'excellent well thought out answers an excellent resource for patients and an asset to healthtap anybody who takes their personal time  to answer patient questions and does so without anything in return is fine by me'  udr khan consistently answers challenging questions with knowledge   patience and compassion it's a great privilege to be his colleague here on healthtap i highly recommend dr khan  ui have just reviewed several of dr khan's answers and from what i 've seen they have all been thoughtful  concise without being glib  in plain language  and they answer the question!  u'dr kahn is very knowledgeable  thoughtful and answers complex questions in a straightforward easily understandable manner  he is an outstanding asset to the healthtap community']
2319,[u'dr knierim is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr knierim is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2320,[u'i would recommend and endore dr davantizis without hesitation  dr davantzis does all he can to not only cut through the confusion that patients struggle with  but he does so with well-thought out and meaningful answers  he truly cares not only for his patients  but for the profession of dentistry'  u'i endorse this dentist  i have known dr davantzis professionally and personally for many years  his clinical and interpersonal skills are outstanding  he truly cares for his patients as if they were his own family  i would highly recommend him to anyone in need of dental care'  u'it is a pleasure to speak on behalf of a trusted and proficient colleague whom i have known for 30 years  ted is an intelligent  articulate  compassionate and highly capable clinician  his patients are quite fortunate to have him as their dentist'  u'dr davantzis demonstrates a clear commitment to the dental profession  and to the community his posts on avvo reflect his vast knowledge and expertise  i believe that he is an asset to his profession and to his patients!'  u'i endorse dr davantzis for his ongoing effort to help patients in need of dental advice  for his vast knowledge  and with whom i share his philosophies concerning dental treatment  he is a credit to our profession'  u'dr davantzis gives clear answers and explanantion in a very kind tone  i find myself in agreement with dr davantzis and i endorse this dentist  thank you dr davantzis for your professionalism\nzev kaufman  dds']
2321,[u'i find dr machanic to be a distinguished  caring  compassionate  and dedicated neurologist specializing in such difficult  complex cases i feel lucky to know him thru the healthtap network  as he has helped so many patients i am glad to meet him  and hope to continue our professional dialogue together  and learn from his vast knowledge base excellent advice given!'  u'dr machanic is a phenomenal asset to healthtap his recommendations are spot-on and his years of experience certainly shines through i even find myself learning from his knowledge in the field of neurology thanks for your contribution!'  u'dr machanic represents one of the most accomplished professionals in our network at healthtapcom his answers are extremely valuable for users and professionals equally  and his opinion is regarded with admiration to his excellence'  u'i have the pleasure of knowing dr machanic professionally and personally he is a caring physician  a wellspring of knowledge  and a funny guy! he provides valuable wisdom  information and perspective in the neurology community'  u'dr bennett machanic is a highly trained and expert neurologist who gives very good expert clinical opinions i highly recommend dr machanic to anyone who is seeking a consultation with a neurologist thank you dr machanic'  u'dr machanic provided a thoughtful response to a curbside consult on cidp  his willingness to help out with a clinical question is very much appreciated thank you  dr machanic!']
2322,[u'dr gabor  has an outstanding knowledge base of both diagnostic radiology and of medicine in general (across the board)  he is providing a valuable service to the public via healthtap i endorse dr gabor'  u'dr michael gabor is an excellent physician  very knowledgeable passionate  and on the top of his field he is a great value to the people of ny  and to the family of health tap'  u'dr gabor is a very knowledgeable and compassionate doctor always enjoy reading his insightful answers highly recommended'  u'understandable answers  educates us all both patients and doctors alike  generous and collaborative recommended to all!'  u'dr gabor has been an excellent consultant and is a great asset to thr healthtap prime physician community'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
2323,[u'great answers!'  u'great doc!!']
2324,[u'dr cordas knows what he is talking about and he is able to gently but firmly get his point across he is a great asset to health tap!']
2325,[u'dr tavarez is a very thorough and caring doctor']
2326,[uday after day  dr fowler answers scads of patient questions tirelessly while managing to handle each one with care and thoughtfulness she's earned the respect and admiration of many docs here as both a colleague and a leader - one who readily cheers us on and one who humanizes us all with the funny and folksy expressions that dot her answers (whoah nelly  indeed!)  hats off to dr fowler!  uwhen a physician has so many colleagues who admire her and her work  it should not be a surprise that she is an outstanding doctor but dr fowler has that something extra that almost seems magical she's a true humanitarian  and i consider it a blessing to have her be part of the healthtap community here's to you dr fowler  for all you are and do for patients and colleagues alike cheers!  ui've had the opportunity to interact with dr fowler for the last several months on the former avvo health website where she was the top doc bar none her answers to psychiatric questions are spot on and serve as an excellent source of information for non-psychiatrists this is complemented by her overall fund of general medical knowledge which she dispenses in a compassionate manner  uwow!  i decided to read the recommendations from other doctors before writing mine  five minutes later i still have not gotten to the bottom of the list  hard to add to all of this but i must say i love reading dr fowler's responses  concise  to the point and done with a sense of compassion and an endearing sense of humor  i highly recommend her and learn a lot from her  u'dr fowler is a conscientious contributor to the community  providing insightful opinions to people in need although many physicians are perhaps skeptical of the services this  and other medical information websites provide  there are a growing number of disenfranchised people out there who need some help  understanding  and kindness dr fowler helps provide all three'  ui only know dr fowler from interacting with her on avvocom  reading her answers  i can't help but sense the deep compassion this fine doctor possesses  she goes out of her way to answer people's questions  and will research topics that are not even in her area of expertise to provide assistance dr fowler comes across as a great doctor and a wonderful human being!]
2327,[u'dr elkhalil is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr elkhalil is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'great']
2328,[u'dr hagler is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr hagler is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'i need to know how to get rid of this redness on my right leg']
2329,[ui have a shoulder impingement i just started pain in my armpit of the same shoulder he was able to detect why i had pain when i put my chin to my chest i didn't mention my impingement he's right  u'he always answers quicklyon nights i was up scared he helped calm mei feel blessed to have a brilliant dr who will reach out and not ask for anything'  uhe answered back quickly even though i didn't get the answer i wanted  he was great help!  ui'm glad he answered my question that was puzzling to me  now i have some peace of mind  u'i am much obliged to dr colantino for his prompt and instructive information'  u'dr colantino is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2330,[u'great doc!!']
2331,[u'dr gregory hines is an excellent physician  very knowledgeable passionate  and on the top of his field he is a great value to the people of tn  and to the family of health tap'  u'i recommend this doctor  very insightful and i learn something new from these answers'  u'dr hines is a knowledgeable and caring physician'  u'good knowledgeable answers and caring approach'  u'excellent doctor']
2332,[udr schleimer  simply stated  amazes me with his vast knowledge  independent thinking  spot on answers  professionalism and articulate responses  i'm sure his patients are lucky to have him as their dentist and receiving the highest quality dentistry  u'dr schleimer  is very knowledgeable  his answers reflect  the  understanding  of  dental  health that comes with experience  and education we can all learn and  benefit from this doctor'  u'with all of the prefabricated mcbraces out there dr schleimer is one who focuses on what is best for the patient  not selling what people want when it is not sound'  u'thorough  precise & detailed very impressive'  u'accurate and timely opinions'  u'i recommend this physician!']
2333,[u'dr roberto is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr roberto is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'i like !']
2334,[u'dr gani is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr gani is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'i am grateful for this doctor this thanksgiving!'  u'i am grateful for this doctor this thanksgiving!'  u'i am grateful for this doctor this thanksgiving!'  u'i heart this doctor!']
2335,[ui have reviewed many of dr po's answers and consultations he is extremely knowledgeable about infectious diseases and general medicine his consultations typically involve very complicated issues and he handles them with calm confidence i would recommend dr po to my patients without reservation  u'dr po is not only highly knowledgeable in infectious diseases and internal medicine  but his answers are always accurate  stated succinctly and understandably  and he has empathy and obviously cares about the people to whom he is responding'  u'i fully recommend dr john leander po to anyone needing his help as he seems to care deeply about his field of infectious disease great physician and colleague and asset to the community at healthtap!'  u'i endorse dr po dr po is clearly very knowledgable about infectious diseases and medicine in general he is providing a valuable service to the public via health tap'  u'you need only one doctor for infectious disease and he is dr john leander po highly recommended with no hesitation'  ui have complete confidence in dr po's management of my patient's infectious disease problems]
2336,[ui like & admire dr raff's stock of passion & compassion  wealth of specialty knowledge  and keen instinct to conjecture useful solutions beyond available facts so  i recommend her to anyone needing her specialty care/service without reservation \r\n\r\n(james) chin-ti lin  md  udr raff provides a tremendous service to patients with his expertise and caring manner he is certainly my go-to source when i need expert opinion  and i've learned a great deal from reading his answers outstanding!  u'excellent well thought out answers an excellent resource for patients and an asset to healthtap anybody who takes their personal time  to answer patient questions and does so without anything in return is fine by me'  u'dr raff has an outstanding breath of knowledge about infectious diseases and medicine in general he provides an exceptional public service through the education he provides via health tap i recommend dr raff'  udr raff gives sensible  direct answers to a wide range of questions  he teaches me a lot about infectious disease!  he's also a consistently positive presence on healthtap  and i recommend him highly  uyou can't get any better than dr raff  head of the id division when i was in med school and residency at u of louisville  he is extremely knowledgeable  but also a great teacher and a caring doctor]
2337,[u'dr davidzon is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr davidzon is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2338,[u'being trained  licensed  & board certified both medically (both otolaryngology and facial plastic & reconstructive surgery) and dentally (oral & maxillofacial surgery) drgallia is in possession of an incredibly impressive breadth of training  knowledge  and experience in his field  his answers to questions are clear  precise  & very helpful &it is my pleasure to recommend him very highly indeed'  u'although i live far from dr lou  i have had the chance to see his recommendations  his accolades and his patient satisfaction i highly recommend dr lou for his experience  recognition nationally and his devotion to his community of patients'  u'great doctor he gets right to the point  addresses the issue in a straightforward manner and tells you who to follow up with what more could you want glad to have him here on healthtapcom impressed with his tmj expertise'  u'i have known dr gallia to be extremely knowledgable as an oral surgeon and have been very pleased with the way he has teated my patients  i have no hesitation in recommending him'  u'dr gallia is an expert in his field and i highly recommend searching him out for answers relating to ent  maxillofacial  tmj  and other related areas of interest!'  u'not your basic or all surgeon  best of the best! very experience oral surgeon many additional specialties definitely in good hands and highly recommended!']
2339,[u'dr abbott is inspiring  as one day i want to become a doctor she is not afraid to use vocabulary appropriately to give knowledge to a person'  u'i think she is a fantastic doctor she is caring and makes all  who goes and see her a happy person'  u'love the experience  caring attitude and dedication to the profession of helping others blessings!'  u'very friendly  very knowledgeable and overall very easy to talk to  highly recommend'  u'dr abbott is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr abbott is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2340,[u'i have shared patients with dr chin from when i practiced at case medical center in cleveland excellent physician and highly endorse!'  uanswers patient's questions in a timely manner  very knowledgeable!  u'great reputation in cincinnati i have known him for over 30 years!'  u'highly recommended and enthusiastic to helping his clients-dave'  u'good answers  provide helpful feedback'  u'very timely and accurate responses']
2341,[u'dr ettinger is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr ettinger is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2342,[u'i recommend this doctor  very insightful and i learn something new from these answers']
2343,[u'great omfs!!']
2344,[u'dr leap is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr leap is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'excellent experience and wonderful doctor'  u'thanks for your help and understanding']
2345,[u'dr sider is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr sider is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2346,[u'dr bergman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr bergman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2347,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'nice answers  appears to be caring']
2348,[u'dr sheppard is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr sheppard is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2349,[u'thanks for your contribution at health tap'  u'fantastic answers a great physician!']
2350,[u'dr brown is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr brown is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2351,[u'dr smith is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr smith is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr smith is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2352,[u'very quick to help   very clear and helped me get the help i needed \n wish he was my gp'  u'dr yetimyan is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr yetimyan is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'thank you for giving me advice godbless you always'  u'update yourself with new hiv test methodology']
2353,[u'she is great love her very competent!']
2354,[u'dr mercadante is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr mercadante is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2355,[u'dr david weissman is an excellent physician  very knowledgeable passionate  and on the top of his field he is a great value to the people of mi  and to the family of health tap']
2356,[u'i highly recommend dr aronzon for his high standard of knowledge  care  and responsiveness he is the kind of doc i would entrust myself and my family with'  u'the person i would consult especially pertaining to patients being treated with antianxiety meds pain meds and have obstructive sleep apnea or copd'  udr aronzon's posts are always thought provoking  one can truly see the commitment and passion to medicine  keep the great answers coming  u'an excellent doctor who provided a pain-free and superb treatment for my own family!  i highly endorse and recommend him!'  u'highly recommended physician who regularly answers patients with excellent respectable responses'  u'dr aronzon is very knowledgeable  caring  outstanding  highly recommended physician in his field']
2357,[u'dr  cox has a wonderful skill set and vast clinical experience  she has obviously helped many and facilitated health and peace of mind for lots of families  not only that--she speaks french!  tres bian!'  u'dr katharine s cox is an excellent physician very knowledgeable passionate and on the top of her field she is a great value to the peolpe of tn and to the family of health tap'  u'highly experienced and respected expert in pediatrics and pediatric emergency medicine great answers to questions highly recommend'  u'superb physician  simple and yet very informative answers to patient questions  answers tend to be calming and reassuring'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'dr cox offers succinct  actionable and compassionate advice']
2358,[u'dr joshi is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr joshi is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2359,[u'an exceptional teacher  compassionate doctor  and one of a kind neurologist'  u'a fantastic physician thank you for great and helpful answers']
2360,[u'i recommend this doctor  very insightful and i learn something new from these answers'  u'a top doctor we are lucky to have dr eleczcko contribute to healthtap'  u'knowledgeable  caring  answers well founded in scientific fact'  u'excellent dentist  very informative and helpful answers'  u'a very knowledgeable  dedicated and caring dentist'  u'thanks for your valuable contributions']
2361,[u'dr leaderman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr leaderman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2362,[u'dr bown is a sports/ physical medicine  virtuoso he provides an exellent public service to healthtap readers  his responses are informative  interesting and understandable i learn from him i recommend dr bowen'  u'i highly recommend dr bowen he provides a unique perspective to healthtap with his clinical background his answers are accurate  empathic and can be trusted for their accuracy thank you  dr bowen'  u'dr bowen is well respected in the physical medicine and rehab field he is careful and detailed in his answers to questions as a neurosurgeon  i find his insights/experience in concussion valuable'  ua thoughtful and helpful approach to answering patient's problems is what we need as a model to build this healthcare business the right way i am happy to recommend dr bowen as a colleague  u'he is an expert in toe walking  sports fitness  tendonitis  achilles tendonitis  musculoskeletal pain- he contributes to health tap and the community as well we are fortunate to have him'  u'i like the way dr bowen meet patients where they are  collaborates well with colleagues  and clearly is an expert in his field he is an asset to healthtap!']
2363,[u'sensible  concise advice -- often with a touch of humor!  great doc to have on healthtap'  u'knowledgeable answers  caring and dedicated']
2364,[u'being trained  licensed  & board certified both medically (both otolaryngology and facial plastic & reconstructive surgery) and dentally (oral & maxillofacial surgery) drgallia is in possession of an incredibly impressive breadth of training  knowledge  and experience in his field  his answers to questions are clear  precise  & very helpful &it is my pleasure to recommend him very highly indeed'  u'although i live far from dr lou  i have had the chance to see his recommendations  his accolades and his patient satisfaction i highly recommend dr lou for his experience  recognition nationally and his devotion to his community of patients'  u'great doctor he gets right to the point  addresses the issue in a straightforward manner and tells you who to follow up with what more could you want glad to have him here on healthtapcom impressed with his tmj expertise'  u'i have known dr gallia to be extremely knowledgable as an oral surgeon and have been very pleased with the way he has teated my patients  i have no hesitation in recommending him'  u'dr gallia is an expert in his field and i highly recommend searching him out for answers relating to ent  maxillofacial  tmj  and other related areas of interest!'  u'not your basic or all surgeon  best of the best! very experience oral surgeon many additional specialties definitely in good hands and highly recommended!']
2365,[u'dr gabor  has an outstanding knowledge base of both diagnostic radiology and of medicine in general (across the board)  he is providing a valuable service to the public via healthtap i endorse dr gabor'  u'dr michael gabor is an excellent physician  very knowledgeable passionate  and on the top of his field he is a great value to the people of ny  and to the family of health tap'  u'dr gabor is a very knowledgeable and compassionate doctor always enjoy reading his insightful answers highly recommended'  u'understandable answers  educates us all both patients and doctors alike  generous and collaborative recommended to all!'  u'dr gabor has been an excellent consultant and is a great asset to thr healthtap prime physician community'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
2366,[u'i recommend you as a well know expert in your field\r\ndr jakavick would recommend this dr to all who seek their expertise'  u'i recommend this doctor  very insightful and i learn something new from these answers'  uanswers patient's questions in a timely manner  very knowledgeable!  u'gives great advice very kind\r\nhighly recommend'  u'very timely and accurate responses'  u'dedicated  knowledgeable  caring']
2367,[u'dr acosta is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr acosta is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2368,[u'dr gill is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr gill is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr gill is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'definite made me feel at ease']
2369,[u'dr sharma is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr sharma is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2370,[u'dr phasouk is a knowledgeable family physician with an excellent sense of humor and realistic attitude towards daily living he seems to related well to patients and his answers to questions are correct and straightforward recommend him highly'  u'dr ryan phasouk practices family medicine  a specialty in which one needs to have both broad and deep knowledge in many areas  he takes on healthtap questions that hare difficult and answers them with clarity and kindness'  u'an outstanding physician with excellent responses to questions very informative refreshing in this age of new medicine to find someone as well rounded in all areas of medicine !'  u'dr phasouk is a real asset to healthtap he has a well rounded knowledge of medicine and provides understandable and accurate answers to question i endorse dr phasouk'  u'dr phasouk actively contributes his knowledge and expertise to give accurate  and meaningful advice on a timely manner he is an asset to the health tap team'  u'dr phasouk is clearly a very knowledgeable physician who gets straight to the point with his very informative answers an asset to health tap!']
2371,[u'i recommend dr conovalciuc he provides really interesting (& spot on) responses on healthtap  his responses are often not run of the mill - which is why i enjoy reading & learning from them here is clearly very knowledgeable about medicine he is providing an excellent service to the public on healthtap i endorse dr conovalciuc'  u'dr conovalciuc is a fantastic family physician who not only cares for his patients in person but for those in this online community by giving clear & thoughtful answers on a regular basis in the process  he teaches the rest of us & reminds us of why we entered this profession in the first place thank you  dr c!'  udr conovalciuc's answers are clear  easy for patients to understand  and show his experience and tremendous breadth of knowledge he seems to be a very caring person and a great asset  to health tap  u'dr conovalciuc is the most versatile  knowledgeable  compassionate doctor  he goes out of his way to help millions of people by participating actively in this project'  u'dr conovalciuc consistently gives clear  helpful and compassionate answers to patients on healthtap i recommend him as a kind and knowledgeable physician'  u'dr conovalciuc it generous with his time to one and all  i am glad i got to know him on healthtap  and learn from him']
2372,[u'i highly recommend drbanipalsin highlyhe gives very informative answers and is probably very compassionate with his patients\r\nmichael michaels md\r\nurology palatka fl']
2373,[u'dr sheskier is an excellent foot and ankle surgeon both his diagnostic and operative skills are outstanding!'  u'pleasure to know you'  u'']
2374,[u'dr fox is an intelligent and empathetic psychiatrist  i highly recommend him for his diverse knowledge and thinking outside the box he works hard and it shows'  u'dr fox is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr fox is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2375,[u'i commend dr beck for his consistently great advice and recommendations on this website']
2376,[u'dr kass has consistently shown thoughtful and useful advise to patients in his interactions he is an expert in his field i highly recommend him for your health care needs !'  u'i asked him a question as a colleague and he was prompt to reply with advise  it shows he is committed and really cares'  u'i recommend this doctor  very insightful and i learn something new from these answers'  u'excellent doctor with diagnosis  treatment  surgery with excellent bedside manor'  u'dr kass provides excellent information on podiatry to the public via healthtap'  u'intelligent  accurate  kind answers\r\nhighly recommend']
2377,[u'dr colgrove was very quick to respond to my request for assistance with a patient  his advice is very helpful  appreciated and demonstrates a high level of concern and involvement  i recommend him and will be seeking his advice in the future'  u'i recommend dr colegrove  he is knowledgeable and he provides excellent answers on healthtap'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
2378,[u'thank you dr solhjem for the excellent  spot on and reliable answers  it is great to have you here at the healthtapcom'  u'a fantastic physician thank you'  u'excellent and clear answers'  u'great doc']
2379,[u'great responses very accurate']
2380,[u'drjackson is a very helpful health tap radiologist very knowledgeable and kind her virtual patients and  i am sure  patients who have  imaging studies iterpreted by her  are lucky to have accurate reports'  u'very thoughtful answers a good consultant to have on health tap'  u'concise answers']
2381,nan
2382,[u'dr stiller-martin is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr stiller-martin is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2383,[u'dr alexander is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower4'  u'dr alexander is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr alexander is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2384,[udr malerman is an invaluable resource for his thorough  sound advice  he has mastered the art of dispensing a large amount of wisdom in 400 words  as he says medical docs don't know much about matters in front of the tonsils  and i learn so much from his posts!  he also is not shy about reinforcing the wisdom of his peers in both the medical and dental profession  u'dr malerman is not only an expert in his field but knows a lot about everything!  he is a welcomed asset to healthtap and a great patient advocate  highly recommended'  u'dr malerman has consistently shown thoughtful and useful advise to patients in his interactions  i highly recommend him for your orthodontic needs !'  udr malerman provides informative  to-the-point responses on healthtap  he's clearly a knowledgeable and caring orthodontist  u'dr  malerman has a vast fund of knowledge that allows for effectively contributing to this online community of health'  u'dr malerman answers truthfully  understandably and is a fountain of vast dental knowledge i doff my hat to him']
2385,[u'great answers! ethical  meets patients where they are and collaborates well with colleagues we are lucky to have her here at healthtap!'  u'helpful  kind  and knowledgeable specialist in internal medicine highly recommend'  u'thank you!  great answers']
2386,[umost people spend more time shopping for a new car than they select a physician it's important to find a physician you trust and feel comfortable with dr leila hashemi is the only one you need to know she is a human being who cares about people i'm really learning a lot from her highly recommended  u'i fully recommend dr hashemi to anyone needing her help as she seems to care deeply about her field of internal medicine  great physician and colleague and asset to the community at healthtap!'  u'i endorse dr hashemi she clearly is very knowledgeable about internal medicine and medicine in general she is making a significant contribution to the public via healthtap'  u'dr hashemi is one wise woman!  her knowledge is comprehensive  her advice is sound  and her support of both her colleagues and those seeking advice is superb!'  u'i highly recommend dr leila hashmi for her empathetic and intelligent response on healthtap to follow her insights or as a personal physician'  u'gives down to earth easy to understand answers to patients  recommend her to all on healthtap and to any who need a good internist']
2387,[u'an excellent addition and great expert on healthtap']
2388,[u'dr taylor is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr taylor is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'this is very useful information  thank you dr taylor']
2389,[u'dr niazi is a polite  intelligent professional that i highly recommend'  u'a respected expert in his field\r\nhighly recommend'  u'excellent training with a world view of medicine'  u'great answers extremely helpful']
2390,[u'well trained  experienced  empathetic psychiatrist\r\nresponses are well thought out and make common sense reflective of his basic medical training in france'  u'thank you for being a part of the health tap community for the benefit of doctors and patients alike!']
2391,[u'dr li is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr li is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2392,[u'i truly appreciate the work you guys do! thank you for being part of this community!  keep up the good work!'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'very timely and accurate responses']
2393,[u'dr rizkalla is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr rizkalla is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2394,[u'i have been to dr schwark for both cleanings and fillings and i have always left satisfied she was great at minimizing discomfort and listening to the concerns i had i will continue to use dr schwark as my dentist for years to come office environment is very friendly and i would recommend her to anyone'  u'i found dr schwark to be professional yet caring; my examination was completed in a timely but thorough manner; despite having severaql sensitive areas  i had no discomfort and she took the time to explain key issues with helpful suggestions'  u'dr schwark demonstrates care and concern for her patients and is familiar with current procedures to enhance my oral health'  u'dr schwark is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr schwark is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2395,[u'i recommend dr conovalciuc he provides really interesting (& spot on) responses on healthtap  his responses are often not run of the mill - which is why i enjoy reading & learning from them here is clearly very knowledgeable about medicine he is providing an excellent service to the public on healthtap i endorse dr conovalciuc'  u'dr conovalciuc is a fantastic family physician who not only cares for his patients in person but for those in this online community by giving clear & thoughtful answers on a regular basis in the process  he teaches the rest of us & reminds us of why we entered this profession in the first place thank you  dr c!'  udr conovalciuc's answers are clear  easy for patients to understand  and show his experience and tremendous breadth of knowledge he seems to be a very caring person and a great asset  to health tap  u'dr conovalciuc is the most versatile  knowledgeable  compassionate doctor  he goes out of his way to help millions of people by participating actively in this project'  u'dr conovalciuc consistently gives clear  helpful and compassionate answers to patients on healthtap i recommend him as a kind and knowledgeable physician'  u'dr conovalciuc it generous with his time to one and all  i am glad i got to know him on healthtap  and learn from him']
2396,[u'i have been a patient of dr chang for nearly five years and also bring my children to see him for our allergy  sinus  and asthma care dr chang is a very thorough doctor who spends a good amount of time with us and educates us on our conditions he always seems to be on the cutting edge of sinus care and his methods have worked for me i highly recommend him'  u'dr chang is very caring and thorough i saw him for recurrent sinus issues and allergies he also saw my son for bee allergies he is very thorough and seems to genuinely care for his patients he takes his time to ask a lot of questions and also takes the time to explain to you his diagnosis and treatment plan'  udr chang is one of the nicest dr's i've ever met! he helps identify the problem and makes me understand!! he really cares about his patients  u'dr chang is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2397,[u'i am grateful to drgrin for educating not only myself  but all of us here at healthtap about pain management  and  moreover  i am grateful to him for his openness to the effects of psychotherapy i have encountered many pain practitioners who devalue therapy as being unneeded  and that medication solves everything no so for dr grin  and i am relieved he is more forward thinking & collaborative!'  u'what a great guy  excellent physician  wonderful colleague and all around genius in the area of pain as well in a surprising range of other areas  i learn from him every day and have recommended that my own daughter read his information to help sort out her tmj  he does not hesitate to tackle any question and returns clear explanations of the most complex issues seasoned with true compassion'  u'dr grin is a wonderful colleague and physician he is knowledgeable in multiple areas not only in the scope of pain management his genuine compassion is evident not only in the way he cares for patients  but for the community of physicians here on healthtap as well we are all lucky to have him share his wisdom with us!'  u'i am endorsing dr grin he is providing an excellent service to the public on healthtap the medical information  dr grin provides is accurate & understandable dr grin is clearly very knowledgeable about pain management and medicine in general'  uhave been reading dr grin's responses and have been impressed with his lucid explanations of issues that are difficult to explain to non-medical personnel he is thorough  concise  and provides excellent advice  u'i highly endorse dr paul grin as a healthtap and healthtap prime as an expert his commentaries and clinical insights are astute and educational to both patients and physicians he is an asset to our community']
2398,[u'dr goodman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr goodman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2399,[u'dr chan hwang is an excellent physician  whose compassion and care is demonstrated by his thoughtful answers given to patients his broad range of expertise in areas outside of physiatry is invaluable in adding further weight to his clinical acumen  in providing advice to so many patients  he is serving  and helping at such a high level as a health tap physician  and medical consultant'  u'dr hwang is providing an excellent service to the public via healthtap i endorse dr hwang'  u'dr hwang is compassionate and holistic what a wonderful combination!'  u'excellent pm&r doctor great advice on medical issues']
2400,[u'dr hebert is providing an excellent service to the public via healthtapcom he is knowledgeable in a number of areas of medicine i endorse dr hebert'  u'dr hebert is an excellent pathologist!']
2401,[u'dr duvivier is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr duvivier is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2402,[u'very knowledgeable straightforward and easy to understand answer'  u'knowledgeable answers  cares for patients']
2403,[uhi doc:\r\ngood advice!!\r\ni've added your to my network and recommended you\r\ni would appreciate a return of the favor\r\ni'm on omfs in sacramento  ca\r\nspecial interest tmj disorders\r\nthanks\r\nlouis gallia md  dmd  facs  u'i highly endorse and recommend dr hettinger as an outstanding expert in the healthtap prime community his expertise in podiatry is most certainly appreciated and educational'  u'knowledgeable expert in podiatry gives clear  accurate answers highly recommend'  u'i recommend this physician!']
2404,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'very capable and experienced a local top']
2405,[u'a concise answer  compassion and experience is what you will get when dr krauser answers one of your questions  such a great value to the healthtap community!'  u'dr krauser is very knowledgeable and caring  he is a tremendous asset to the medical community and to healthtap  i highly recommend him'  u'thank you to my good colleague for providng some timely advice for my treatment on a neurology patient'  u'a treasured expert in his field  and very knowledgeable in many others\r\nhighly recommend'  u'i enjoy having dr krauser as a colleague on healthtap  he is an asset to healthtap'  u'knowledegeable and caring answers']
2406,[u'great doc!!']
2407,[u'dr liberman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr liberman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2408,[u'dr patel is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr patel is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2409,[u'great dentist!!!']
2410,[u'dr  cox has a wonderful skill set and vast clinical experience  she has obviously helped many and facilitated health and peace of mind for lots of families  not only that--she speaks french!  tres bian!'  u'dr katharine s cox is an excellent physician very knowledgeable passionate and on the top of her field she is a great value to the peolpe of tn and to the family of health tap'  u'highly experienced and respected expert in pediatrics and pediatric emergency medicine great answers to questions highly recommend'  u'superb physician  simple and yet very informative answers to patient questions  answers tend to be calming and reassuring'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'dr cox offers succinct  actionable and compassionate advice']
2411,[u'i am honored to have the opportunity to critique my good colleague  dr rhoads  her warm and inviting personality is exactly what is needed to jump start any professional relationship she then  follows this up with a wealth of accurate medical knowledge demonstrating her clinical acumen as a family physician through & through my thanks for her collegiality & desire to be a part of this network'  ui don't think you can find a more skilled  bright  knowledgeable physician with the natural ability to make people feel at ease than dr rhodes i'm always happy to see her answers because i learn a lot from her bedside manner shes the kind of person that i imagine shines a light in every room she walks into healing is an art  and she is a gifted artist! keep up the strong work and kind smile!  u'what a find on healthtap! dr rhoads\' answers are friendly  easy to understand  yet right-on-point and comprehensive her kentucky patients are truly fortunate to have such a medical expert & resource at hand! i\'m following her feed with interest  & commend her to anyone looking for straight-up medical insight'  u'dr rhoads is a delight and asset to healthtap  not only are her answers clear  concise and helpful but she backs them up with data  i a great doctor to learn from and a great family doctor to consult!  i highly recommend her  kentucky is lucky!'  u'dr susan rhoads is a dedicated doctor  sharp  analyzes patient problems well  her rapport and lovely presence sets her high as a professional  reminds me of the true spirits of the real family dr  marcos welby style  rare in in our hectic times '  u'i appreciate the quality and caring of dr rhoads answers she knows so much and is so generous with her knowledge we all benefit from her contributions here and families in her community are fortunate to have her in person']
2412,[udr bolding is a leader in the field of facial reconstruction and the treatment of tmj\r\nhis patient relationships exemplify his caring and compassionate attitude  we care for many trauma patients together and i'm always appreciative when dr bolding is on call with me]
2413,[u'dr ortiz is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr ortiz is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2414,[udr mellow is a great example of a general internist in a solo practice in manhattan  where her practice includes preventive medicine and women's health  among other areas  u'great doctor']
2415,[uasslamo aliakum \nsir main india se hoon aur meri age 24 hai my height is 5'8 and my weight is 81 \nmujhe mera weight kaafi zyada lagta hai \nplease sir tell kaise weight loss karun?  u'dr naeem is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr naeem is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2416,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
2417,[u'your dedication and commitment to providing quality health consultation on healthtap is greatly admired and a true benefit to your patients keep up the good work'  u'excellent physician with great compassion for his patients'  u'highly skilled professional'  u'very trusted practitioner!'  u'highly recommend']
2418,[u'when in rome  do as the romans do; and when in pain  do as the  georgians do  see dr rosenfeld his expertise in diagnosis and treatment of acute and chronic pain conditions such as neck and back pain should be sought after'  u'i strongly recommend dr rosenfeld for with out reservation based on my knowledge of him in this forum'  u'i recommend this doctor  very insightful and i learn something new from these answers'  u'excellent doctor---i wish he was closer to my patients  i enjoy learning from him'  u'partner at a premier pain group in atlanta  he takes good care of my patients'  u'a fantastic physician with caring answers!']
2419,[u'great doc!!']
2420,[u'a fantastic surgeon! great answers  very helpful! thank you!']
2421,[u'dr david is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr david is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2422,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
2423,[u'dr cordas knows what he is talking about and he is able to gently but firmly get his point across he is a great asset to health tap!']
2424,[u'i endorse dr weisman board certified in neurology  behavioral neurology & neuropsychiatry - he brings a vast wealth of knowledge to healthtap the information he provides  is cutting edge  accurate and understandable  dr weisman is providing an invaluable service to the public via healthtap'  u'eric is one of the most brilliant and talented neurologists that i have had the pleasure of collaborating with in my functional integrated medicine practice   he is beautifully trained  and is extremely skilled  i recommend him without reservation'  uit is a pleasure to read dr weisman's responses he comes to healthtap with an impressive background in more than just medicine he is extremely well rounded his answers are poignant and straight-forward i recommend him highly  u'gives great answers to patients and collaborates generously and effectively with colleagues personable and easily approachable by one and all we are lucky to have him here!'  u'your dedication and commitment to providing quality health consultation on healthtap is greatly admired and a true benefit to your patients'  u'impressive and clearly caring specialist with a great skill for teaching those of us  who can only stand in the shadow of neurologists']
2425,[u'dr turrisi is a world leader in the field of radiation oncology  and has invented the standard of care in the treatment of many disease  most famously small cell lung cancer one of my greatest professional regrets is that i failed to convince him to serve as chairman of our department'  u'a renaissance man and physician loquacious with content and humor and a scholar of lung cancer and medicine in general'  u'detroit is lucky to have such a good doc!'  u'an excellent physicain'  u'excellent physician!']
2426,[u'dr mermelstein is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr mermelstein is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2427,[u'dr winkler was quick yet thorough and very helpful i hope all the healthtap prime doctors are like him'  u'dr winkler is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr winkler is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2428,[u'always gives very sound advice obviously a very insightful and knowledgable doctor'  uanswers patient's questions in a timely manner  very knowledgeable!  u'good answers  provide helpful feedback'  u'very informatice & precise'  u'great ent doc!!'  u'great answers']
2429,[u'dr mienko is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2430,[u'i am grateful to drgrin for educating not only myself  but all of us here at healthtap about pain management  and  moreover  i am grateful to him for his openness to the effects of psychotherapy i have encountered many pain practitioners who devalue therapy as being unneeded  and that medication solves everything no so for dr grin  and i am relieved he is more forward thinking & collaborative!'  u'what a great guy  excellent physician  wonderful colleague and all around genius in the area of pain as well in a surprising range of other areas  i learn from him every day and have recommended that my own daughter read his information to help sort out her tmj  he does not hesitate to tackle any question and returns clear explanations of the most complex issues seasoned with true compassion'  u'dr grin is a wonderful colleague and physician he is knowledgeable in multiple areas not only in the scope of pain management his genuine compassion is evident not only in the way he cares for patients  but for the community of physicians here on healthtap as well we are all lucky to have him share his wisdom with us!'  u'i am endorsing dr grin he is providing an excellent service to the public on healthtap the medical information  dr grin provides is accurate & understandable dr grin is clearly very knowledgeable about pain management and medicine in general'  uhave been reading dr grin's responses and have been impressed with his lucid explanations of issues that are difficult to explain to non-medical personnel he is thorough  concise  and provides excellent advice  u'i highly endorse dr paul grin as a healthtap and healthtap prime as an expert his commentaries and clinical insights are astute and educational to both patients and physicians he is an asset to our community']
2431,[u'dr sparacino provides an excellent service to the public via health tap he is knowledgable about many areas of medicine and his responses are clear and helpful i recommend dr sparacino'  u'dr sparacino helps everyone by sharing his wide experience in such a thoughtful  responsive manner   his patients in mn are lucky to have him in person!'  u'outstanding consultant on health tap congratulations on top doctor 2013 level 25 is a real achievement'  ui am grateful for dr sparacino's expertise  and kind and thoughtful presence on healthtap!  u'i recommend this doctor  very insightful and i learn something new from these answers'  u'fantastic answers with great expertise   a great doctor to follow on healthtap']
2432,[u'excellent doctor  very knowledgeable with great advice   the doctor to follow on health tap'  u'i recommend dr ryan for his skills and knowledge!'  u'very timely and accurate responses'  u'great dds!!!']
2433,[u'i am grateful for this doctor this thanksgiving!'  u'i am grateful for this doctor this thanksgiving!']
2434,[u'dr robinson is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr robinson is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2435,[u'i would  like to welcome dr  bradley to avvocom he is providing a valuable public service through his insightful responses on avvocom'  u'dr bradley has provided insightful  compassionate and well thought out answers on avvo  he is a welcome addition to the avvo community'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'i enjoy your comments useful and practical']
2436,[u'i highly endorse dr jeffrey bassman as an expert on health tap and healthtap prime his comments and insights are educational for both patients and physicians he is an asset to the healthtap community'  u'dr bassman is an extremely knowledgeable and dedicated dentist excellent answers and advice'  u'very knowledgable  fantastic answers with quick responses\nexcellent  excellent doctor!'  u'excellent responses to questions and very supportive of patients strongly recommended'  u'i highly recommend dr bassman and thank you for your contributions to healthtap'  u'a very knowledgable and compassionate doctor always gives very sound advice']
2437,[u'well trained  experienced  empathetic psychiatrist\r\nresponses are well thought out and make common sense reflective of his basic medical training in france'  u'thank you for being a part of the health tap community for the benefit of doctors and patients alike!']
2438,[uimpressed by answers which convey an expanded perspective regarding complex clinical issues  providing doctor education  and patient understanding  these approaches reify the value of dr jaren's contributions to healthtap  udr jaren gives intelligent  thoughtful and easy to understand answers  he's a great resource  especially for neurologic questions  u'based upon the materials presented  dr jaren has reputable training and experience'  u'very knowledgeable physician with great resources  recommend without reservation!'  u'dr jaren is a great physician and educator thanks for all you do on healthtap'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
2439,[u'being trained  licensed  & board certified both medically (both otolaryngology and facial plastic & reconstructive surgery) and dentally (oral & maxillofacial surgery) drgallia is in possession of an incredibly impressive breadth of training  knowledge  and experience in his field  his answers to questions are clear  precise  & very helpful &it is my pleasure to recommend him very highly indeed'  u'although i live far from dr lou  i have had the chance to see his recommendations  his accolades and his patient satisfaction i highly recommend dr lou for his experience  recognition nationally and his devotion to his community of patients'  u'great doctor he gets right to the point  addresses the issue in a straightforward manner and tells you who to follow up with what more could you want glad to have him here on healthtapcom impressed with his tmj expertise'  u'i have known dr gallia to be extremely knowledgable as an oral surgeon and have been very pleased with the way he has teated my patients  i have no hesitation in recommending him'  u'dr gallia is an expert in his field and i highly recommend searching him out for answers relating to ent  maxillofacial  tmj  and other related areas of interest!'  u'not your basic or all surgeon  best of the best! very experience oral surgeon many additional specialties definitely in good hands and highly recommended!']
2440,[ui enjoy reading dr earle's answers and find myself agreeing and often learninfg something  he is clear  thorough and up to date  i recommend him as an excellent resource for your surgical questions  u'he is a surgical expert who is knowledgeablegroin hernia  hiatal hernia  hernia repair  hernia  gastroesophageal reflux disease\r\nwe are fortunate to have him contributing to the health tap community'  u'fast  fantastic answers to often complex questions  truly an asset to the medical community a true national leader in general surgery'  u'i recommend you as a well know expert in your field\r\ndr jakavick would recommend this dr to all who seek their expertise'  u'dr earle always provides reliable  excellent and accurate answers george klauber'  u'excellent and personable surgeon  highly regarded and expert in reflux treatments']
2441,[u'dr everett is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr everett is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2442,[u'i enjoy reading her posts as they always educational but also very supportive to patients'  u'her opinions are accurate and timely very helpful'  u'very talented physician']
2443,[u'being trained  licensed  & board certified both medically (both otolaryngology and facial plastic & reconstructive surgery) and dentally (oral & maxillofacial surgery) drgallia is in possession of an incredibly impressive breadth of training  knowledge  and experience in his field  his answers to questions are clear  precise  & very helpful &it is my pleasure to recommend him very highly indeed'  u'although i live far from dr lou  i have had the chance to see his recommendations  his accolades and his patient satisfaction i highly recommend dr lou for his experience  recognition nationally and his devotion to his community of patients'  u'great doctor he gets right to the point  addresses the issue in a straightforward manner and tells you who to follow up with what more could you want glad to have him here on healthtapcom impressed with his tmj expertise'  u'i have known dr gallia to be extremely knowledgable as an oral surgeon and have been very pleased with the way he has teated my patients  i have no hesitation in recommending him'  u'dr gallia is an expert in his field and i highly recommend searching him out for answers relating to ent  maxillofacial  tmj  and other related areas of interest!'  u'not your basic or all surgeon  best of the best! very experience oral surgeon many additional specialties definitely in good hands and highly recommended!']
2444,[u'dr garren is a very welcome addition to healthtap i  have reviewed all of his responses to date and they are straight to the point  accurate  and without equivocation he knows his craft extremely well and is an excellent communicator when space does not permit a full answer  he sends his readers to appropriate websites so they can get a more comprehensive understanding of the topic in question'  u'his expertise in brain and prostate tumors  as well as his  knowledge of modern methods of radiation therapy is undisputable']
2445,[ui like & admire dr raff's stock of passion & compassion  wealth of specialty knowledge  and keen instinct to conjecture useful solutions beyond available facts so  i recommend her to anyone needing her specialty care/service without reservation \r\n\r\n(james) chin-ti lin  md  udr raff provides a tremendous service to patients with his expertise and caring manner he is certainly my go-to source when i need expert opinion  and i've learned a great deal from reading his answers outstanding!  u'excellent well thought out answers an excellent resource for patients and an asset to healthtap anybody who takes their personal time  to answer patient questions and does so without anything in return is fine by me'  u'dr raff has an outstanding breath of knowledge about infectious diseases and medicine in general he provides an exceptional public service through the education he provides via health tap i recommend dr raff'  udr raff gives sensible  direct answers to a wide range of questions  he teaches me a lot about infectious disease!  he's also a consistently positive presence on healthtap  and i recommend him highly  uyou can't get any better than dr raff  head of the id division when i was in med school and residency at u of louisville  he is extremely knowledgeable  but also a great teacher and a caring doctor]
2446,[u'dr henning provides an excellent service to the public via health tap he is knowledgable about anesethsiology  and a vast array of medical topics he provides helpful  clear  accurate information i recommend dr henning'  ui appreciate the insights dr henning shares on healthtap  very clear answers about all topics  including lifestyle and health maintenance  he's a great asset to healthtap  and i'm glad to recommend him  u'an amazing knowledgeable  dedicated and caring physician'  u'i recommend this physician!'  u'good knowledge']
2447,[u'dr thomas yash  is extremely professional and excellent dentist  he is the best dentist in cincinnati  oh i am learning a lot from him highly recommended 5 stars!'  u'great dds!!!']
2448,[u'dr guzik has consistently shown thoughtful and useful advise to patients in his interactions he is an expert in his field i highly recommend him for your health care needs !']
2449,[u'dr oscar novick is an excellent pediatrician who demonstrates a wide-breadth of knowledge across medical specialties his responses are concise  practical  and insightful and i look forward to reading them additionally he is kind and caring as reflected in his answers i am happy to have dr novick as my colleague on healthtap!'  ui like & admire dr novick 's vastness of passion & compassion  wealth in his specialty knowledge  and keen instinct to conjecture useful solutions beyond available facts so  i recommend him without reservation to anyone in need for his specialty care and service \r\n\r\n(james) chin-ti lin  md  u'dr novick is clearly has an outstanding knowledge of pediatrics he is providing an excellent service to the public via healhtap the information he provides is understandable  accurate & compassionate i endorse dr novick'  u'excellent well thought out answers an excellent resource for patients and an asset to healthtap anybody who takes their personal time  to answer patient questions and does so without anything in return is fine by me'  u'i am always amazed at his breadth of knowledge in pediatrics- it is obvious from his answers and online presence  he is an expert in pediatrics and a value to the health tap community'  u'dr novick has my highest recommendation he is a well respected pediatrician in his community and it is great to see  expertise and insights shared on health tap']
2450,[u'being trained  licensed  & board certified both medically (both otolaryngology and facial plastic & reconstructive surgery) and dentally (oral & maxillofacial surgery) drgallia is in possession of an incredibly impressive breadth of training  knowledge  and experience in his field  his answers to questions are clear  precise  & very helpful &it is my pleasure to recommend him very highly indeed'  u'although i live far from dr lou  i have had the chance to see his recommendations  his accolades and his patient satisfaction i highly recommend dr lou for his experience  recognition nationally and his devotion to his community of patients'  u'great doctor he gets right to the point  addresses the issue in a straightforward manner and tells you who to follow up with what more could you want glad to have him here on healthtapcom impressed with his tmj expertise'  u'i have known dr gallia to be extremely knowledgable as an oral surgeon and have been very pleased with the way he has teated my patients  i have no hesitation in recommending him'  u'dr gallia is an expert in his field and i highly recommend searching him out for answers relating to ent  maxillofacial  tmj  and other related areas of interest!'  u'not your basic or all surgeon  best of the best! very experience oral surgeon many additional specialties definitely in good hands and highly recommended!']
2451,[u'dr bowman is a national recognized expert in foot and ankle surgery  he is well-known for being informative and having plans of meaningful action for patients  i highly endorse him without reservations'  u'dr bowman is a kind caring physician with advanced training in foot and ankle medicine and surgery  he has years of experience and a practice with an outstanding reputation'  u'knowledgeable doctor - if anyone is in houston  their feet would be in good hands with dr bowmanhighly recommended']
2452,[u'dr acosta is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr acosta is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2453,[u'dr keegan duchicela is both helpful and reassuring in his answers he gives good information that gets members head in the right direction'  u'dr duchicela has a great spectrum of valuable  accurate medical knowledge'  u'wide knowledge base\r\nexcellent  caring answers\r\nhighly recommend'  u'great concise answers to common health questions!'  u'excellent doctor']
2454,[u'i endorse this dentist i have had the privilege and pleasure of knowing dr sandler for close to 20 years my experiences of working with him have been always positive patient feedback is always exceptional and patients expectations have been met and exceeded he is a kind  caring and compassionate man who seeks perfection in his work dr sandler is constantly being educated with the newest knowledge and techniques in his field'  ui have followed dr sandler's comments to patients and practitioners alike for several months his answers to patients are caring  thorough  and obviously fully researched his advice to practioners is spot on--a trusted and erudite member of the dental community it is a privilege to include him in my network of health care providers and resources  u'dr sandler provides excellent advice to patients and peers his advice is consistent with a high standard of care his answers to questions on this site are well thought out and consistent with the kind of care i expect in a true dental professional it is my pleasure to endorse him'  u'dr sandler is that one of a kind of professional that unfortunately is sometimes hard to find  his expertise and professionalism is outstanding and seems to only follow his heart and compassion for patients  i am proud to have met dr sandler and i can not recommend him enough'  ui have been impressed by dr sandler's professionalism  he responds with care and passion and often goes beyond the call of duty in providing useful information in his answers  i consider his patients to be lucky to have him as their dentist i endorse him without reservations  ui know dr sandler from the avvo community and i have experienced his commitment to his patients and dentistry it's rare to find someone who makes an active effort to improve the field and it is from this that i am confident that dr sandler will not disappoint]
2455,[u'i recommend dr beresh  he is an asset to healthtap and is well respected in the medical community'  u'i believe he is honest and sincere  his knowledge is excellent'  u'will follow you on health tap'  u'highly recommended-dave'  u'very knowledgeable']
2456,[u'i endorse this dentist i have had the privilege and pleasure of knowing dr sandler for close to 20 years my experiences of working with him have been always positive patient feedback is always exceptional and patients expectations have been met and exceeded he is a kind  caring and compassionate man who seeks perfection in his work dr sandler is constantly being educated with the newest knowledge and techniques in his field'  ui have followed dr sandler's comments to patients and practitioners alike for several months his answers to patients are caring  thorough  and obviously fully researched his advice to practioners is spot on--a trusted and erudite member of the dental community it is a privilege to include him in my network of health care providers and resources  u'dr sandler provides excellent advice to patients and peers his advice is consistent with a high standard of care his answers to questions on this site are well thought out and consistent with the kind of care i expect in a true dental professional it is my pleasure to endorse him'  u'dr sandler is that one of a kind of professional that unfortunately is sometimes hard to find  his expertise and professionalism is outstanding and seems to only follow his heart and compassion for patients  i am proud to have met dr sandler and i can not recommend him enough'  ui have been impressed by dr sandler's professionalism  he responds with care and passion and often goes beyond the call of duty in providing useful information in his answers  i consider his patients to be lucky to have him as their dentist i endorse him without reservations  ui know dr sandler from the avvo community and i have experienced his commitment to his patients and dentistry it's rare to find someone who makes an active effort to improve the field and it is from this that i am confident that dr sandler will not disappoint]
2457,[u'we are fortunate to have dr wint here on health tap i know him for many years and he is knowledgeable on hand and nerve surgery he is a major contributor to the health tap website'  u'dr wint in an exceptional hand surgeon and highly recommended'  u'dr wint has wide ranging knowledge and a wealth of experience'  u'dr wint is a highly knowledgable & capable hand surgeon'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
2458,[u'dr anglade is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr anglade is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2459,[u'i recommend dr weixel her input on healthtap is spot on  respectful  accurate & demonstrates a great deal of insight her responses take things deeper than  typical bread & butter answers & are thought provoking she is providing a valuable public service on healthtap  i endorse dr weixel'  usince making dr weixel's acquaintance on this network i have called upon her expertise a number of times she impresses me with her fund of knowledge  speed of response to referrals  and ability to educate  i highly recommend dr weixel to patients and colleagues  udr weixel's sound training and years of experience resound in all her answers  she is empathetic and supportive  as well as offering practical suggestions  in those many  areas were a pill alone is not enough  udr weixel's responses are clear  thoughtful  and often warmly humorous -- yet always respectful  her viewpoints add depth to discussions  she's a wonderful presence on healthtap  and i recommend her  udr weixel's answers are filled with good information  wisdom and compassion  i would definitely recommend that the reader pay attention to what she says  u'dr weixel has consistently shown thoughtful and useful advise to patients in her interactions she is an expert in her field i highly recommend her !']
2460,[u'i strongly recommend dr geary  as a great pediatrician her answer  to questions are ver helpful'  u'very talented physician']
2461,[u'i would  like to welcome dr  bradley to avvocom he is providing a valuable public service through his insightful responses on avvocom'  u'dr bradley has provided insightful  compassionate and well thought out answers on avvo  he is a welcome addition to the avvo community'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'i enjoy your comments useful and practical']
2462,[u'dr connor is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr connor is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2463,[u'dr diamond is a very knowledgeable pediatrician with many years of practical experience  which shows in his thoughtful and to-the-point responses'  u'intelligent  respected expert great answers\r\noutstanding contributions to health tap\r\nhighly recommend'  u'dr diamond provides thoughtful  helpful  and insightful answers that help all users of this site!'  u'great answers from an experienced  knowledgeable  pediatrician'  udr mark diamond's answers are clear and helpful for members  u'hi doc:\r\ngreat virtual practice!!\r\nlouis gallia md  dmd  facs']
2464,[u'i am grateful to drgrin for educating not only myself  but all of us here at healthtap about pain management  and  moreover  i am grateful to him for his openness to the effects of psychotherapy i have encountered many pain practitioners who devalue therapy as being unneeded  and that medication solves everything no so for dr grin  and i am relieved he is more forward thinking & collaborative!'  u'what a great guy  excellent physician  wonderful colleague and all around genius in the area of pain as well in a surprising range of other areas  i learn from him every day and have recommended that my own daughter read his information to help sort out her tmj  he does not hesitate to tackle any question and returns clear explanations of the most complex issues seasoned with true compassion'  u'dr grin is a wonderful colleague and physician he is knowledgeable in multiple areas not only in the scope of pain management his genuine compassion is evident not only in the way he cares for patients  but for the community of physicians here on healthtap as well we are all lucky to have him share his wisdom with us!'  u'i am endorsing dr grin he is providing an excellent service to the public on healthtap the medical information  dr grin provides is accurate & understandable dr grin is clearly very knowledgeable about pain management and medicine in general'  uhave been reading dr grin's responses and have been impressed with his lucid explanations of issues that are difficult to explain to non-medical personnel he is thorough  concise  and provides excellent advice  u'i highly endorse dr paul grin as a healthtap and healthtap prime as an expert his commentaries and clinical insights are astute and educational to both patients and physicians he is an asset to our community']
2465,[u'i find dr machanic to be a distinguished  caring  compassionate  and dedicated neurologist specializing in such difficult  complex cases i feel lucky to know him thru the healthtap network  as he has helped so many patients i am glad to meet him  and hope to continue our professional dialogue together  and learn from his vast knowledge base excellent advice given!'  u'dr machanic is a phenomenal asset to healthtap his recommendations are spot-on and his years of experience certainly shines through i even find myself learning from his knowledge in the field of neurology thanks for your contribution!'  u'dr machanic represents one of the most accomplished professionals in our network at healthtapcom his answers are extremely valuable for users and professionals equally  and his opinion is regarded with admiration to his excellence'  u'i have the pleasure of knowing dr machanic professionally and personally he is a caring physician  a wellspring of knowledge  and a funny guy! he provides valuable wisdom  information and perspective in the neurology community'  u'dr bennett machanic is a highly trained and expert neurologist who gives very good expert clinical opinions i highly recommend dr machanic to anyone who is seeking a consultation with a neurologist thank you dr machanic'  u'dr machanic provided a thoughtful response to a curbside consult on cidp  his willingness to help out with a clinical question is very much appreciated thank you  dr machanic!']
2466,[u'dr sanchez is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr sanchez is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2467,[u'dr accurso provides a wonderful resource to patients & other doctors with his informational & caring accurate answers and personal style i trust him'  u'dr accurso is doing a fabulous job help not only the patients but fellow doctors!  i am so grateful for you!'  u'as a fellow radiologist i appreciate (and learn from) the excellent posts by dr accurso'  u'timely accurate answers  very happy he is answering questions on healthtap'  u'i enjoy learning from dr accurso---a welcome addition to healthtap']
2468,[u'i have known dr para since he was a resident physician he is an outstanding physician  and would be a good addition to any health care team'  u'very high quality responses']
2469,[u'great  doctor']
2470,[u'dr miller is consistently helpful to patients and colleagues he has an excellent fund of medical knowledge and his answers are alway clear  concise and helpful we are fortunate to have him as part of the health tap community'  u'i recommend dr miller  very dedicated and great doctor he provides very good care to his patients and offers useful and assertive answers to their questions caring and thoughtful'  u'i would like to welcome dr miller to healthtap  he is providing an excellent service to the public through the informative and spot on responses he gives i endorse dr miller'  u'dr miller cares deeply for his patients he is current in his knowledge and skills  and reads voraciously on new medical research i recommend his advice without reservation!'  u'dr philip miller is an excellent physician very knowledgeable passionate and on the top of his field he is a great value to the peolpe of  fl and to the family of health tap'  u'dr miller is well connected to the world of medicine  sharing his advice and expertise to benefit others in need i highly recommend him\r\n\r\ndr jeffrey bassman']
2471,[u'dr gabor  has an outstanding knowledge base of both diagnostic radiology and of medicine in general (across the board)  he is providing a valuable service to the public via healthtap i endorse dr gabor'  u'dr michael gabor is an excellent physician  very knowledgeable passionate  and on the top of his field he is a great value to the people of ny  and to the family of health tap'  u'dr gabor is a very knowledgeable and compassionate doctor always enjoy reading his insightful answers highly recommended'  u'understandable answers  educates us all both patients and doctors alike  generous and collaborative recommended to all!'  u'dr gabor has been an excellent consultant and is a great asset to thr healthtap prime physician community'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
2472,[u'excellent consultant great informations/advices  in regard to breast cancer surgery and everything around it'  udr hampton's responses to questions are helpful to the patients as well as her colleagues  uanswers patient's questions in a timely manner  very knowledgeable!  u'knowledegeable and caring answers'  u'excellent physician!']
2473,[u'dr daquino is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr daquino is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2474,[u'dr colgrove was very quick to respond to my request for assistance with a patient  his advice is very helpful  appreciated and demonstrates a high level of concern and involvement  i recommend him and will be seeking his advice in the future'  u'i recommend dr colegrove  he is knowledgeable and he provides excellent answers on healthtap'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
2475,[u'dr accurso provides a wonderful resource to patients & other doctors with his informational & caring accurate answers and personal style i trust him'  u'dr accurso is doing a fabulous job help not only the patients but fellow doctors!  i am so grateful for you!'  u'as a fellow radiologist i appreciate (and learn from) the excellent posts by dr accurso'  u'timely accurate answers  very happy he is answering questions on healthtap'  u'i enjoy learning from dr accurso---a welcome addition to healthtap']
2476,[u'dr raju is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr raju is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2477,[u'dr pollizzi is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr pollizzi is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2478,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
2479,[u'gives good medical advice and is caring'  u'very accurate and timely answers']
2480,[u'dr chang is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr chang is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2481,[u'dr gabor  has an outstanding knowledge base of both diagnostic radiology and of medicine in general (across the board)  he is providing a valuable service to the public via healthtap i endorse dr gabor'  u'dr michael gabor is an excellent physician  very knowledgeable passionate  and on the top of his field he is a great value to the people of ny  and to the family of health tap'  u'dr gabor is a very knowledgeable and compassionate doctor always enjoy reading his insightful answers highly recommended'  u'understandable answers  educates us all both patients and doctors alike  generous and collaborative recommended to all!'  u'dr gabor has been an excellent consultant and is a great asset to thr healthtap prime physician community'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
2482,[udr ingram's responses demonstrate a depth of knowledge about his specialty and are always accurate and phrased so that the questioner can understand them easily he has a wry sense of humor and i find him quite enjoyable to read would recommend him highly  ui am so impressed with dr ingram's breath of knowledge in obstetrics and gynecology  the information he provides is accurate  understandable  compassionate and with just the right tincture of humor i endorse dr ingram  u'dr ingram demonstrates a wide knowledge base  with accurate  insightful answers  he is a corner stone of healthtap  teaching both doctors and patients about topics covering many of the questions we come across'  u'intelligent  caring gives great answers\r\nhighly recommend'  u'excellent responses showing in depth knowledge'  u'caring  knowledgeable  dedicated physician!']
2483,[u'very accurate and timely responses']
2484,[u'dr rizkalla is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr rizkalla is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2485,[u'respected specialist in family medicine highly recommend'  u'very timely and accurate responses']
2486,[u'dr kufdakis is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr kufdakis is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2487,[u'dr oscar novick is an excellent pediatrician who demonstrates a wide-breadth of knowledge across medical specialties his responses are concise  practical  and insightful and i look forward to reading them additionally he is kind and caring as reflected in his answers i am happy to have dr novick as my colleague on healthtap!'  ui like & admire dr novick 's vastness of passion & compassion  wealth in his specialty knowledge  and keen instinct to conjecture useful solutions beyond available facts so  i recommend him without reservation to anyone in need for his specialty care and service \r\n\r\n(james) chin-ti lin  md  u'dr novick is clearly has an outstanding knowledge of pediatrics he is providing an excellent service to the public via healhtap the information he provides is understandable  accurate & compassionate i endorse dr novick'  u'excellent well thought out answers an excellent resource for patients and an asset to healthtap anybody who takes their personal time  to answer patient questions and does so without anything in return is fine by me'  u'i am always amazed at his breadth of knowledge in pediatrics- it is obvious from his answers and online presence  he is an expert in pediatrics and a value to the health tap community'  u'dr novick has my highest recommendation he is a well respected pediatrician in his community and it is great to see  expertise and insights shared on health tap']
2488,[u'dr busch is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr busch is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2489,[u'dr chin-ti lin is a unique physician & individual his excellent & accurate answers are more than credit worthy because they help the individuals asking hem  help anyone else with similar queries & enhance both reliability & stature of healthtap more than that  dr lin is a philosopher urologist dedicated to making this world a better place check his website: wwwformefirstcom i salute him'  u'dr chin-ti lin is an excellent physician and urologist! he cares about the total person and emphasizes education and integrated  holistic treatments including adopting a healthy attitude and lifestyle changes prior to using more invasive techniques he provides answers in easy to understand language'  u'dr james lin appears to be highly intelligent  knowledgeable in his field  and has an excellent feel for patient concerns and comfort levels his advice is pragmatic  addresses the problems inquired about clearly and accurately and i would strongly recommend him'  u'dr chin-ti lin s a phenomenal asset to healthtap his recommendations are spot-on and his years of experience certainly shines through i even find myself learning from his knowledge in the field of urology thanks for your contribution!'  u'dr chin is wise  fun  and  so readable  he always brings smile to my face  with his sense of humor  he is the doctor that you and your family can trust because he is very knowledgable and compassionate i high recommend dr chin'  u'i endorse dr chin-ti lin he is clearly an exceptionally knowledgeable urologist he provides accurate  thorough  understandable and spot on medical education to the public it is great to work on the same team as him']
2490,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'dr barnett offers compassionate and concise medical wisdom well done!'  u'great answers very helpful thank you!']
2491,[ui was a rotating intern on dr cappaert's service back in the day  i am now a neurologist and remember much of what he taught me on that service month  i'd recommend him in a heartbeator at leasta retinal venous pulsation!  glad he is here to share his expertise]
2492,[u'an amazing knowledgeable  dedicated and caring physician'  u'very good source of knowledge']
2493,[udr lovell's a skilled  forthright communicator whose great care and dedication to her patients are readily evident from her contributions on healthtap  members and colleagues alike can rely on her extensive knowledge and sound judgment  u'i recommend dr lovell her knowledge base in internal medicine and rheumatology is vast the information she provides is accurate  complete & understandable she provides a real service to the public on health tap'  udr lovell is an outstanding rheumatologist and a great asset to the healthtap community  i always appreciate her thoughtful  thorough and informative answers to patients' questions  u'dr lovell is dedicated  knowledgeable  provides excellent answers which both patients and doctors learn from i recommend dr lovell without reservation'  u'dr lovell is highly compassionate  knowledgeable physician that is a pleasure to learn from  she is clearly one of the top specialist in her field'  u'fast  fantastic answers to often complex questions  truly an asset to the medical community a true national leader in rheumatology']
2494,[udr malerman is an invaluable resource for his thorough  sound advice  he has mastered the art of dispensing a large amount of wisdom in 400 words  as he says medical docs don't know much about matters in front of the tonsils  and i learn so much from his posts!  he also is not shy about reinforcing the wisdom of his peers in both the medical and dental profession  u'dr malerman is not only an expert in his field but knows a lot about everything!  he is a welcomed asset to healthtap and a great patient advocate  highly recommended'  u'dr malerman has consistently shown thoughtful and useful advise to patients in his interactions  i highly recommend him for your orthodontic needs !'  udr malerman provides informative  to-the-point responses on healthtap  he's clearly a knowledgeable and caring orthodontist  u'dr  malerman has a vast fund of knowledge that allows for effectively contributing to this online community of health'  u'dr malerman answers truthfully  understandably and is a fountain of vast dental knowledge i doff my hat to him']
2495,[u'i recommend you as a well know expert in your field\r\ndr jakavick would recommend this dr to all who seek their expertise'  u'professional  knowledgeable  served our veterans very well in his career'  u'dr wright ia an asset to health tap   a renowned   thoracic surgeon  '  u'experienced and knowledgeable  generously shares both on healthtap'  u'provides precise and comprehensive answers to difficult questions'  u'a truly  wonderful and compassionate doctor']
2496,[u'dr gorodisky is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr gorodisky is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2497,[u'dr chen is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr chen is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr chen is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2498,[udr turkle is a gifted and meticulous surgeon  the anesthesiologists and nurses i work with in the operating room see a lot and they have nothing but praise for dr turkle's work and choose her for their own care  u'dr turkle is highly knowledgeable'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
2499,[u'great doctor/surgeon  completely trustworthy'  u'i recommend this physician'  u'great oral surgeon!!']
2500,[u'i endorse this dentist i have had the privilege and pleasure of knowing dr sandler for close to 20 years my experiences of working with him have been always positive patient feedback is always exceptional and patients expectations have been met and exceeded he is a kind  caring and compassionate man who seeks perfection in his work dr sandler is constantly being educated with the newest knowledge and techniques in his field'  ui have followed dr sandler's comments to patients and practitioners alike for several months his answers to patients are caring  thorough  and obviously fully researched his advice to practioners is spot on--a trusted and erudite member of the dental community it is a privilege to include him in my network of health care providers and resources  u'dr sandler provides excellent advice to patients and peers his advice is consistent with a high standard of care his answers to questions on this site are well thought out and consistent with the kind of care i expect in a true dental professional it is my pleasure to endorse him'  u'dr sandler is that one of a kind of professional that unfortunately is sometimes hard to find  his expertise and professionalism is outstanding and seems to only follow his heart and compassion for patients  i am proud to have met dr sandler and i can not recommend him enough'  ui have been impressed by dr sandler's professionalism  he responds with care and passion and often goes beyond the call of duty in providing useful information in his answers  i consider his patients to be lucky to have him as their dentist i endorse him without reservations  ui know dr sandler from the avvo community and i have experienced his commitment to his patients and dentistry it's rare to find someone who makes an active effort to improve the field and it is from this that i am confident that dr sandler will not disappoint]
2501,[u'finding a dentist who is intelligent  caring  up to date on the latest technology and highly skilled is a rarity  dr shvartsman i can wholeheartedly say  is all of the above  i have worked with him in the past and each and every patient who leaves his office raves about the care they received  his intentions are always best for his patients and it is without reservation that i recommend him'  u'dr a shvartsman is very educated physician with up to date knowledge in a vast variety of dentistry fields with a good sense of humor'  u'i have known dr  shavers man for years he has always been a dedicated and knowledgable professional'  u'dr swartsman provides excellent & reliable answers regarding all aspects of dentistry'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'dr shvartsman is a highly skilled and compassionate dentist']
2502,[u'dr miller is consistently helpful to patients and colleagues he has an excellent fund of medical knowledge and his answers are alway clear  concise and helpful we are fortunate to have him as part of the health tap community'  u'i recommend dr miller  very dedicated and great doctor he provides very good care to his patients and offers useful and assertive answers to their questions caring and thoughtful'  u'i would like to welcome dr miller to healthtap  he is providing an excellent service to the public through the informative and spot on responses he gives i endorse dr miller'  u'dr miller cares deeply for his patients he is current in his knowledge and skills  and reads voraciously on new medical research i recommend his advice without reservation!'  u'dr philip miller is an excellent physician very knowledgeable passionate and on the top of his field he is a great value to the peolpe of  fl and to the family of health tap'  u'dr miller is well connected to the world of medicine  sharing his advice and expertise to benefit others in need i highly recommend him\r\n\r\ndr jeffrey bassman']
2503,[u'i would like to welcome dr lawrenzi to healthtap he is already making great contributions to healthtap & is providing an excellent service to the public his responses are clear & informative i endorse dr lawrenzi'  u'very accurate and timely responses ']
2504,[ui have a shoulder impingement i just started pain in my armpit of the same shoulder he was able to detect why i had pain when i put my chin to my chest i didn't mention my impingement he's right  u'he always answers quicklyon nights i was up scared he helped calm mei feel blessed to have a brilliant dr who will reach out and not ask for anything'  uhe answered back quickly even though i didn't get the answer i wanted  he was great help!  ui'm glad he answered my question that was puzzling to me  now i have some peace of mind  u'i am much obliged to dr colantino for his prompt and instructive information'  u'dr colantino is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2505,[uday after day  dr fowler answers scads of patient questions tirelessly while managing to handle each one with care and thoughtfulness she's earned the respect and admiration of many docs here as both a colleague and a leader - one who readily cheers us on and one who humanizes us all with the funny and folksy expressions that dot her answers (whoah nelly  indeed!)  hats off to dr fowler!  uwhen a physician has so many colleagues who admire her and her work  it should not be a surprise that she is an outstanding doctor but dr fowler has that something extra that almost seems magical she's a true humanitarian  and i consider it a blessing to have her be part of the healthtap community here's to you dr fowler  for all you are and do for patients and colleagues alike cheers!  ui've had the opportunity to interact with dr fowler for the last several months on the former avvo health website where she was the top doc bar none her answers to psychiatric questions are spot on and serve as an excellent source of information for non-psychiatrists this is complemented by her overall fund of general medical knowledge which she dispenses in a compassionate manner  uwow!  i decided to read the recommendations from other doctors before writing mine  five minutes later i still have not gotten to the bottom of the list  hard to add to all of this but i must say i love reading dr fowler's responses  concise  to the point and done with a sense of compassion and an endearing sense of humor  i highly recommend her and learn a lot from her  u'dr fowler is a conscientious contributor to the community  providing insightful opinions to people in need although many physicians are perhaps skeptical of the services this  and other medical information websites provide  there are a growing number of disenfranchised people out there who need some help  understanding  and kindness dr fowler helps provide all three'  ui only know dr fowler from interacting with her on avvocom  reading her answers  i can't help but sense the deep compassion this fine doctor possesses  she goes out of her way to answer people's questions  and will research topics that are not even in her area of expertise to provide assistance dr fowler comes across as a great doctor and a wonderful human being!]
2506,[u'he is an experienced and very knowledgable endocrinologist'  u'very accurate and timely responses'  u'very practical  useful answers']
2507,[u'good and timely responses'  u'recommend']
2508,[u'dr ramirez is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr ramirez is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr ramirez is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'awesome  very helpful!!']
2509,[udr fitzmaurice was integrally involved in helping care for one of my patients with a diagnostically challenging precancerous growth on the finger  the patient did very well and felt very confident with dr fitzmaurice's skill and level of expertise in surgery  i would highly recommend him to anyone needing a highly qualified hand surgeon]
2510,[usmart  accomplished  and helpful  you can't go wrong with dr bluman!]
2511,[u'caring  knowledgeable  dedicated']
2512,[u'knowledgeablen  helpful and clear responses  thank you for answering the immunization question that continues to surprisingly generate debate!'  ui enjoy and learn a great deal from dr singer's answers a real asset to healthtap!  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'experienced  very well trained and helpful pediatric neurologist'  u'thanks for your valuable contributions'  u'smart doctor\r\ni highly recommend']
2513,[ui endorse dr chiu it's clear from his answers to challenging questions that he is indeed an expert in his field  he is a wonderful resource to healthtap and therefore to the public who needs sound medical answers  u'dr chiu is a very knowledgeable and compassionate doctor who gives practical and sensible advice i enjoy reading his answers highly recommended'  u'excellent fund of knowledge in his specialty thorough but to the point answers to questions'  u'good practical answers'  u'highly recommended-dave'  u'highly recommend']
2514,[u'with an abundance of experience  keen insight  razor sharp mind and unquestionable compassion   dr zimon contributes a wealth of information to enhance the knowledge of patients and doctors  he shares the perspective of one who has seen the science of medicine completely change over the years and the foresight of one who can take these years of science and predict what is coming'  u'dr zimon clearly know his stuff and shares openly with both colleagues and patients alike we are fortunate to have him here on healthtap!'  u'i endorse dr zimon  with a keen knowledge of internal medicine  he is providing an excellent service to the public via healthtap'  u'great answers from a clinician with a wealth of experience and expressed with an unmistakable passion for his patients welfare'  u'offers insightful advice and knowledge from one who is well founded and experienced in medicine'  u'experience  knowledge and keen insight']
2515,[udr malerman is an invaluable resource for his thorough  sound advice  he has mastered the art of dispensing a large amount of wisdom in 400 words  as he says medical docs don't know much about matters in front of the tonsils  and i learn so much from his posts!  he also is not shy about reinforcing the wisdom of his peers in both the medical and dental profession  u'dr malerman is not only an expert in his field but knows a lot about everything!  he is a welcomed asset to healthtap and a great patient advocate  highly recommended'  u'dr malerman has consistently shown thoughtful and useful advise to patients in his interactions  i highly recommend him for your orthodontic needs !'  udr malerman provides informative  to-the-point responses on healthtap  he's clearly a knowledgeable and caring orthodontist  u'dr  malerman has a vast fund of knowledge that allows for effectively contributing to this online community of health'  u'dr malerman answers truthfully  understandably and is a fountain of vast dental knowledge i doff my hat to him']
2516,[u'incredibly knowledgeable and caring huge level of experience from emergency room to battlefields !']
2517,[ufriendly  empathetic and understanding  qualities people would look no further when seeking psychological help  seems that dr berry has this experience (or talent)  of reading between the lines or reading the personality  for the true meaning of words  that was evident  at least to me  while reading his in-depth  yet easy to understand answers  i'd definitely recommend / refer him patients  u'it is so great that dr berry has joined healthtap!  most non-psych docs hear lots of advice on be supportive    do active listening  be empathic  but never know what that means  i e  the best words to say  dr berry can talk the talk   i  for one  am grateful for his expertise  and great examples of all the best words and phrases to be empathic  supportive and therapeutic!'  u'dr andrew berry gives thoughtful  respectful advice to patients who are struggling with  and suffering from  a variety of issues and conflicts  he helps people navigate the exigencies of life with a calmness and reassurance that is matched by his deep understanding of the human psyche  additionally  he is highly trained and knowledgable  i highly recommend dr berry!'  u'dr berry  as reflected in his caring & routinely insightful answers  is clearly willing & skilled in helping others confront their internal fears/false-beliefs; issues which inherently limit their capability to preform better & achieve more constructive work during their ongoing lives such focus & success is rare  including among psychologists/psychoanalysts'  u'takes the time to offer psychotherapy for appropriate conditions  like depression or phobias;  cognitive therapy works for these conditions  with no known metabolic side effects or drug interactions! do we really want to prescribe a medication for depression which has a warning  that it may cause suicidal thoughts??'  u'dr berry gives sage advice that is both timely and relevant to the issue at hand  his years of experience as a clinical psychologist allow him to see the issue at hand quickly  thereby dismissing the psychobabble given by so many today and giving real world helpful advice  i wholeheartedly recommend dr berry!']
2518,[u'dr lundin has helped many of my patients with neurosurgical and spine care  i trust his expert opinions and would not hesitate to send my mother to him if she needed neurosurgical attention  i fully endorse dr david lundin'  u'a fantastic physician thank you!']
2519,[u'a radiologist who understands patients and physicians a wealth of knowledge  properly used my radiology sensei!'  u'outstanding radiologist!'  u'outstanding radiologist!'  u'excellent radiologist']
2520,[u'dr mong is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr mong is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2521,[u'great responses recommend highly']
2522,[u'dr grossman is a knowledgeable and dedicated dentist with well thought out and articulate answers'  u'excellent info']
2523,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
2524,[u'the words wildly talented clearly apply to dr rao i find him to be world class in his work and highly personable with great bedside manner i recommend him vigorously to both colleagues and patients alike on healthtap!'  udr rao has an incredible knowledge of general medicine in addition to his speciality of surgery  his thoughtful answers reveal a knowledgeable and caring physician i value dr rao's contributions on health tap  u'i fully recommend dr rao to anyone needing his help as he has provided wonderful answers and seems to care deeply about his field of medicine  great physician and colleague!'  u'dr rao provides an outstanding public service on healthtap dr rao is very knowledgable about general surgery and medicine in general i recommend dr rao'  u'i appreciate dr rao  caring knowledgeable help to both the patients and doctors alike on healthtap  thank you dr rao!'  u'recognized eminence  dr rao has helped tons of people get better through his thoughtful answers and wise advice']
2525,[udr hodge's responses to questions encompass an extraordinarily broad range of topics with wisdom  compassion and state of the art education  her recommendations come from a depth of knowledge rarely found in a primary care physician and an intellectual curiosity to match  u'i recommend and endorse dr natalie a hodge as a healthtap and healthtap  prime expert her opinions and comments are astute and educational to both patients and physicians she is an asset to the healthtap community'  u'i recommend dr hodge without reservations  for her caring dedication to kids health and her digital futurist view  in line with my digital pathology goals'  u'understandable  enjoyable answers and interactions with patients and colleagues alike an asset to healthtap!'  u'i highly recommend dr natalie hodge based on her very impressive biography & her great answers  & insights'  u'the best  board certified pediatrician in paducah  ky the only one to refer your family and friends']
2526,[udr oberman's posts are always thought provoking  one can truly see the commitment and passion to medicine  keep the great answers coming  u'deefield is lucky to have such a great doc!!'  u'great logical answers  highly recommend!!']
2527,[u'dr huehnergarth is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr huehnergarth is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2528,[u'very knowledgeable and dedicated dentist with excellent  comprehensive and to the point answers and advice i highly recommend!'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
2529,[u'very thoughtful extremely knowledgeable a great doctor a great human being it is my pleasure to be able to write this recommendation'  u'dr rafat provides excellent information on podiatry to the public via healthtap'  u'dr raft enjoys his practice and wants to share his knowledge-dave'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
2530,[ureally appreciate dr raichle's thoughtful answers on healthtap  he is extremely knowledgeable and provides thorough  well researched answers  highly recommend this outstanding obstetrician/gynecologist  u'outstanding knowledge  skill and great bedside manner dr raichle has the perfect blend of expertise and personality to provide outstanding ob/gyn care'  u'a welcome addition to healthtap and i am sure that the community enjoys learning from him as much as we do'  u'authoritative advice  and answers are thoughtful outstanding expert!']
2531,[u'i endorse this dentist i have had the privilege and pleasure of knowing dr sandler for close to 20 years my experiences of working with him have been always positive patient feedback is always exceptional and patients expectations have been met and exceeded he is a kind  caring and compassionate man who seeks perfection in his work dr sandler is constantly being educated with the newest knowledge and techniques in his field'  ui have followed dr sandler's comments to patients and practitioners alike for several months his answers to patients are caring  thorough  and obviously fully researched his advice to practioners is spot on--a trusted and erudite member of the dental community it is a privilege to include him in my network of health care providers and resources  u'dr sandler provides excellent advice to patients and peers his advice is consistent with a high standard of care his answers to questions on this site are well thought out and consistent with the kind of care i expect in a true dental professional it is my pleasure to endorse him'  u'dr sandler is that one of a kind of professional that unfortunately is sometimes hard to find  his expertise and professionalism is outstanding and seems to only follow his heart and compassion for patients  i am proud to have met dr sandler and i can not recommend him enough'  ui have been impressed by dr sandler's professionalism  he responds with care and passion and often goes beyond the call of duty in providing useful information in his answers  i consider his patients to be lucky to have him as their dentist i endorse him without reservations  ui know dr sandler from the avvo community and i have experienced his commitment to his patients and dentistry it's rare to find someone who makes an active effort to improve the field and it is from this that i am confident that dr sandler will not disappoint]
2532,[u'i fully recommend dr jackson to anyone needing an ophthalmologist as he has provided wonderful answers and seems to care deeply about his field of medicine  great physician and colleague!'  u'has unique ability to clarify difficult concepts and communicate in a very effective fashion  highly recommend'  u'fantastic ophthalmologist! \r\nintelligent  caring answers\r\ni give him my highest recommendation'  u'thank you dr jackson for helping patients and doctors alike understand some complex issues!'  u'i recommend this doctor  very insightful and i learn something new from these answers'  u'salt lake is lucky to have such a top doc!']
2533,[ui am impressed by dr todd's consistently outstanding advice which is always expressed in a very concise  although comprehensive  to the point and articulate and professional manner  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'very informative professional']
2534,[u'dr hayes is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr hayes is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2535,[u'well trained and well-respected gastroenterologist']
2536,[udr ingram's responses demonstrate a depth of knowledge about his specialty and are always accurate and phrased so that the questioner can understand them easily he has a wry sense of humor and i find him quite enjoyable to read would recommend him highly  ui am so impressed with dr ingram's breath of knowledge in obstetrics and gynecology  the information he provides is accurate  understandable  compassionate and with just the right tincture of humor i endorse dr ingram  u'dr ingram demonstrates a wide knowledge base  with accurate  insightful answers  he is a corner stone of healthtap  teaching both doctors and patients about topics covering many of the questions we come across'  u'intelligent  caring gives great answers\r\nhighly recommend'  u'excellent responses showing in depth knowledge'  u'caring  knowledgeable  dedicated physician!']
2537,[u'dr grogan is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr grogan is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2538,[u'dr block is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr block is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2539,[u'a concise answer  compassion and experience is what you will get when dr krauser answers one of your questions  such a great value to the healthtap community!'  u'dr krauser is very knowledgeable and caring  he is a tremendous asset to the medical community and to healthtap  i highly recommend him'  u'thank you to my good colleague for providng some timely advice for my treatment on a neurology patient'  u'a treasured expert in his field  and very knowledgeable in many others\r\nhighly recommend'  u'i enjoy having dr krauser as a colleague on healthtap  he is an asset to healthtap'  u'knowledegeable and caring answers']
2540,[u'dr milan is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr milan is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2541,[uexcellent answers and quick responses with very helpful and thoughtful information offered to patient's questions  u'top doctor']
2542,[u'dr kontis is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr kontis is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2543,[u'dr weiss is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr weiss is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2544,[uit is an honor to endorse and support dr alan zweig  i have constantly been impressed with his articulate  caring answers he's given to countless people in the avvo community   i'm convinced this is but a small reflection of how he is with his patients  i highly recommend dr alan zweig without hesitation  u'i have had the pleasure of collaborating with dr zweig in the treatment of many of his patients over the past 20 years having had the opportunity to observe the high standards dr zweig has set in his practice and the personal care with which he treats his patients  i heartily endorse and recommend him'  ui have known and worked with dr zweig as an orthodontist for the past 30 years  throughout this time i have found him to be very professional  caring and always placing the patient's needs and wants ahead of all else and delivering the best dentistry possible  u'i endorse this dentist i practice orthodontics very close to dr zweig\'s office he is an excellent dentist and stays ahead of the curve with the latest dental technology'  u'i endorse this dentist dr zweig consistently provides  excellent information on avvocom he is  exceptionally good at providing education through this format'  u'i endorse this dentist dr zweig is very knowledgable and willing to share a wealth of information to help dental patients make appropriate treatment decisions']
2545,[u'respected specialist in family medicine highly recommend'  u'very timely and accurate responses']
2546,[u'dr andrew is one of the most responsive  knowlegdeable and nuturing experts on health tap we are fortunate to have her as part of the health tap community']
2547,[u'dr marciano is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr marciano is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2548,[u'i recommend dr john tillett he is knowledgeable caring and dedicated professional '  u'dr tillett provided prompt and helpful input on a case many thanks'  u'very accurate and useful responses']
2549,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
2550,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
2551,[u'dr clay is a thoughtful and intelligent internist who has a unique ability to phrase his responses so that they can be understood easily by any patient he is accurate and helpful and would recommend him highly'  u'dr corey clay is an excellent physician  very knowledgeable  passionate  and on the top of his field he is a great value to the people of oh  and to the family of health tap'  u'dr corey clay is an excellent physician  very knowledgeable passionate  and on the top of his field he is a great value to the people of ohio  and to the family of health tap'  u'great all round clinician  very knowledgeable about allergies and asthma']
2552,[umost people spend more time shopping for a new car than they select a physician it's important to find a physician you trust and feel comfortable with drdr jeffrey j juchau  is the only one you and your family need to know he is a human being who cares about people i'm really learning a lot from him highly recommended  udr juchau is truly the kind of doc i would love to both work in a practice with and to have as my own physician he's really bright  well educated  dedicated  personable  genuine and caring we need more like dr juchau in this field!  u'helpful to patients with a comprehensive general knowledge need to patients where they are effectively and collaborates well with colleagues i recommend dr juchau to both patients and colleagues alike!'  udr juchau's responses are brief  to the point  always accurate and a pleasure to read recommend him highly any family would be privileged to have him as their doctor  u'i enjoy  and learn from reading information shared by dr juchau  he is providing an excellent service to the public via healthtap i recommend dr juchau'  u'dedicated  knowledgable and kind doctor highly recommended to whomever needs a new primary care doctor and also an honor to know him on healthtap']
2553,[u'great surgeon and caring doctor']
2554,[u'dr kass has consistently shown thoughtful and useful advise to patients in his interactions he is an expert in his field i highly recommend him for your health care needs !'  u'i asked him a question as a colleague and he was prompt to reply with advise  it shows he is committed and really cares'  u'i recommend this doctor  very insightful and i learn something new from these answers'  u'excellent doctor with diagnosis  treatment  surgery with excellent bedside manor'  u'dr kass provides excellent information on podiatry to the public via healthtap'  u'intelligent  accurate  kind answers\r\nhighly recommend']
2555,[u'dr henning provides an excellent service to the public via health tap he is knowledgable about anesethsiology  and a vast array of medical topics he provides helpful  clear  accurate information i recommend dr henning'  ui appreciate the insights dr henning shares on healthtap  very clear answers about all topics  including lifestyle and health maintenance  he's a great asset to healthtap  and i'm glad to recommend him  u'an amazing knowledgeable  dedicated and caring physician'  u'i recommend this physician!'  u'good knowledge']
2556,[udr darius saghafi is caring  compassionate  and knowledgeable he is an excellent and experienced neurologist who demonstrates a clinical acumen that spans across medical specialties his answers are concise and intuitive dr saghafi's keen and charming sense of humor gives him a  wonderful bedside manner and his responses are a delight to read i am pleased to him as a colleague on healthtap  udr saghafi is a great physician and colleague! i learn a great deal from his answers and feedback  and what sets him apart is his ability to make complex concepts tangible to patients and to physicians without specialty training in neurology that's not easy to do what's more is he's got a tremendous sense of humor so he entertains while teaching dedicated and compassionate  he's got it all  u'doctor darish saghaf is dedicated to being available and answering questions of all types  not just neurology  he has a vast medical knowledge and it is my pleasure to be able to work with him on the healthtap platform as i also get the opportunity to learn from him while we treat or patients and answer questions  thank you  dr sanghaf'  udr saghafi is one of healthtap's stars  his compassion  knowledge  and ability to translate that knowledge to a level that makes it understandable  all make for an excellent clinician  add to that his sense of humor  and you have a highly recommended physician that i think we'd all like to meet in person!  u'dr saghafi takes the time and gives the thought that results in not only answers to difficult questions but education to providers asking for advice  his consults are thorough  analysis comprehensive and advice geared to the most effective approach  we are fortunate to have him as a consultant'  ui have reviewed many of dr saghafi's answers and consultations he has excellent clinical acumen and a kind and gracious manner his documentation is among the best i have reviewed i would certainly recommend him to any of my patients as an accomplished neurologist]
2557,[ui enjoy reading dr earle's answers and find myself agreeing and often learninfg something  he is clear  thorough and up to date  i recommend him as an excellent resource for your surgical questions  u'he is a surgical expert who is knowledgeablegroin hernia  hiatal hernia  hernia repair  hernia  gastroesophageal reflux disease\r\nwe are fortunate to have him contributing to the health tap community'  u'fast  fantastic answers to often complex questions  truly an asset to the medical community a true national leader in general surgery'  u'i recommend you as a well know expert in your field\r\ndr jakavick would recommend this dr to all who seek their expertise'  u'dr earle always provides reliable  excellent and accurate answers george klauber'  u'excellent and personable surgeon  highly regarded and expert in reflux treatments']
2558,[u'good knowledgeable answers and caring approach'  u'thanks for taking such good care of the kids!'  u'accurate  precise answers  impressive'  u'very timely and accurate responses'  u'great answers very precise'  u'excellent physician!']
2559,[u'dr ihle is a very knowledgable and capable orthopedist'  u'dr ihle gives excellent advice'  u'very talented physician'  u'good info thanks'  u'great doc !']
2560,[u'i consistently learn from the information that dr namey provides on health  tap he is clearly very knowledgable in rheumatology and medicine in general i think that he would be the doctor i would want to see if i developed rheumatologic problems i recommend dr namey'  u'a concise answer  compassion and experience is what you will get when dr namey answers one of your questions  such a great value to the healthtap community!'  u'dr namey provides thoughtful  on-target answers in an impressive array of areas  i always look forward to reading his responses!'  u'thoughtful and well phrased intelligent responses to complex issues makes dr namey a valuable resource'  u'i highly recommend doctor thomas namey for expertise in the field of rheumatology'  uanswers patient's questions in a timely manner  very knowledgeable!]
2561,[u'i suffered a fall the radiologists here said that my films were normal yet i was in severe pain  i sent my films to dr saponaro who found several fractures that they missed! i was able to get proper treatment  thanks dr saponaro!'  u'dr saponaro is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr saponaro is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2562,[u'dr rubenstein is a very good doctor  he answers questions in a very clear and easy to understand manner  i highly recommend him'  u'dr rubenstein is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr rubenstein is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2563,[udr malerman is an invaluable resource for his thorough  sound advice  he has mastered the art of dispensing a large amount of wisdom in 400 words  as he says medical docs don't know much about matters in front of the tonsils  and i learn so much from his posts!  he also is not shy about reinforcing the wisdom of his peers in both the medical and dental profession  u'dr malerman is not only an expert in his field but knows a lot about everything!  he is a welcomed asset to healthtap and a great patient advocate  highly recommended'  u'dr malerman has consistently shown thoughtful and useful advise to patients in his interactions  i highly recommend him for your orthodontic needs !'  udr malerman provides informative  to-the-point responses on healthtap  he's clearly a knowledgeable and caring orthodontist  u'dr  malerman has a vast fund of knowledge that allows for effectively contributing to this online community of health'  u'dr malerman answers truthfully  understandably and is a fountain of vast dental knowledge i doff my hat to him']
2564,[u'great answers thank you very helpful in touching so many lives!']
2565,[u'dr de leon is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr de leon is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2566,[u'love the way he brings humor in to this answers while still giving the patients good scientific reasoning'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
2567,[u'dr ettinger is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr ettinger is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2568,[u'thank you so much for your input benefiting not just the patients but other health care providers!  i appreciate you!'  u'i recommend dr galli for your facial plastic surgery issues'  u'a fantastic physician who really cares for her patients'  u'great doc!!!']
2569,[u'i find dr machanic to be a distinguished  caring  compassionate  and dedicated neurologist specializing in such difficult  complex cases i feel lucky to know him thru the healthtap network  as he has helped so many patients i am glad to meet him  and hope to continue our professional dialogue together  and learn from his vast knowledge base excellent advice given!'  u'dr machanic is a phenomenal asset to healthtap his recommendations are spot-on and his years of experience certainly shines through i even find myself learning from his knowledge in the field of neurology thanks for your contribution!'  u'dr machanic represents one of the most accomplished professionals in our network at healthtapcom his answers are extremely valuable for users and professionals equally  and his opinion is regarded with admiration to his excellence'  u'i have the pleasure of knowing dr machanic professionally and personally he is a caring physician  a wellspring of knowledge  and a funny guy! he provides valuable wisdom  information and perspective in the neurology community'  u'dr bennett machanic is a highly trained and expert neurologist who gives very good expert clinical opinions i highly recommend dr machanic to anyone who is seeking a consultation with a neurologist thank you dr machanic'  u'dr machanic provided a thoughtful response to a curbside consult on cidp  his willingness to help out with a clinical question is very much appreciated thank you  dr machanic!']
2570,[udr tamler is one of the absolute best doctors i've ever seen his compassion and care are second to  none  u'dr tamler is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr tamler is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2571,[u'i recommend dr randy sussmane stubbs highly  he is very knowledgeable'  u'well versed in pulmonary and sleep medicine'  u'very high quality responses']
2572,[u'very thorough and accurate impressive']
2573,[u'great doc!!']
2574,[udr darius saghafi is caring  compassionate  and knowledgeable he is an excellent and experienced neurologist who demonstrates a clinical acumen that spans across medical specialties his answers are concise and intuitive dr saghafi's keen and charming sense of humor gives him a  wonderful bedside manner and his responses are a delight to read i am pleased to him as a colleague on healthtap  udr saghafi is a great physician and colleague! i learn a great deal from his answers and feedback  and what sets him apart is his ability to make complex concepts tangible to patients and to physicians without specialty training in neurology that's not easy to do what's more is he's got a tremendous sense of humor so he entertains while teaching dedicated and compassionate  he's got it all  u'doctor darish saghaf is dedicated to being available and answering questions of all types  not just neurology  he has a vast medical knowledge and it is my pleasure to be able to work with him on the healthtap platform as i also get the opportunity to learn from him while we treat or patients and answer questions  thank you  dr sanghaf'  udr saghafi is one of healthtap's stars  his compassion  knowledge  and ability to translate that knowledge to a level that makes it understandable  all make for an excellent clinician  add to that his sense of humor  and you have a highly recommended physician that i think we'd all like to meet in person!  u'dr saghafi takes the time and gives the thought that results in not only answers to difficult questions but education to providers asking for advice  his consults are thorough  analysis comprehensive and advice geared to the most effective approach  we are fortunate to have him as a consultant'  ui have reviewed many of dr saghafi's answers and consultations he has excellent clinical acumen and a kind and gracious manner his documentation is among the best i have reviewed i would certainly recommend him to any of my patients as an accomplished neurologist]
2575,[u'i recommend dr conovalciuc he provides really interesting (& spot on) responses on healthtap  his responses are often not run of the mill - which is why i enjoy reading & learning from them here is clearly very knowledgeable about medicine he is providing an excellent service to the public on healthtap i endorse dr conovalciuc'  u'dr conovalciuc is a fantastic family physician who not only cares for his patients in person but for those in this online community by giving clear & thoughtful answers on a regular basis in the process  he teaches the rest of us & reminds us of why we entered this profession in the first place thank you  dr c!'  udr conovalciuc's answers are clear  easy for patients to understand  and show his experience and tremendous breadth of knowledge he seems to be a very caring person and a great asset  to health tap  u'dr conovalciuc is the most versatile  knowledgeable  compassionate doctor  he goes out of his way to help millions of people by participating actively in this project'  u'dr conovalciuc consistently gives clear  helpful and compassionate answers to patients on healthtap i recommend him as a kind and knowledgeable physician'  u'dr conovalciuc it generous with his time to one and all  i am glad i got to know him on healthtap  and learn from him']
2576,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
2577,[u'mark is not only an expert in his field but has a remarkable vast medical knowledge  truly an asset to healthtap and a caring patient advocate  i\'d send him my consults in a heartbeat if he were closer'  u'fast  fantastic answers to often complex questions  truly an asset to the medical community a true national leader in cardiovascular health care and management'  u'i highly recommend dr mark rasak  he is a  very knowledgeable and caring cardiologist'  u'thanks for your contribution at health tap']
2578,[u'i endorse dr harte communicates very well extensive knowledge of family practice & medicine in general accurate spot on is providing an excellent service to the public via healthtap'  u'dr harte has consistently shown thoughtful and useful advice to patients in her interactions she is an expert in her field i highly recommend her for your health care needs !'  u'dr lieas harte is a very thorough  intelligent  and caring physician  she is an asset to healthtap  and the the medical community  i highly recommend this brilliant doctor'  u'dr liesa harte has an excellent reputation to responding to questions and communicating with her fellow colleagues  high doc score that continues to rise'  u'dr liesa has great insight and passion for integrative and functional approaches to medical disorders!'  u'widely respected expert in many areas of medicine very responsive to patients highly recommend']
2579,[u'this doctor is the best  dr sabb injected my shoulder with us gidance  i did not feel it at all!  my shoulder was better in seconds!  i had not felt that good since before playing football at the university of michigan'  u'dr sabb is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr sabb is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2580,[u'recommend dr munshower with the highest accolades  his answers on health tap are thoughtful  caring and scientifically accurate  he possesses the ability to answer patients questions intelligently while at the same time providing excellent health education and informing patients in a thoughtful manner  the highest recommendation'  umost people spend more time shopping for a new car than they select a physician it's important to find a physician you trust and feel comfortable with dr john c munshower is the only one you need to know he is a human being who cares about people  i'm really learning a lot from him highly recommended  ui see many of dr munshower's patients  i hear from them over and over how much they enjoy having him for their primary care doctor and that they think they are receiving excellent care from him  u'i fully recommend dr munshower to anyone needing his help as he seems to care deeply about his field of family medicine great physician and colleague and asset to the community at healthtap!'  u'dr john munshower is a knowledgeable  experienced  and caring physician  his responses are clear  concise  and practical  i am pleased to have dr munshower as a colleague on healthtap!'  udr munshower provides excellent  concise  accurate recommendations to patients' questions  that are well meaningful and relevant i value his contributions to the health tap forum]
2581,[u'dr kass has consistently shown thoughtful and useful advise to patients in his interactions he is an expert in his field i highly recommend him for your health care needs !'  u'i asked him a question as a colleague and he was prompt to reply with advise  it shows he is committed and really cares'  u'i recommend this doctor  very insightful and i learn something new from these answers'  u'excellent doctor with diagnosis  treatment  surgery with excellent bedside manor'  u'dr kass provides excellent information on podiatry to the public via healthtap'  u'intelligent  accurate  kind answers\r\nhighly recommend']
2582,[udr seaman's answers are so bountiful! he clears up a great deal of the confusion and mistaken ideas people seem to have about their conditions and medications best of all - he does it in a kind and thoughtful manner how good to have his knowledge here!  u'dr seaman provides sound advice he is well trained and thoughtful in his approach i look forward to working with him'  u'an excellent contributor to healthtap very thoughtful answers that are informative and on point']
2583,[u'dr fields is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr fields is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'i am grateful for this doctor this thanksgiving!'  u'i am grateful for this doctor this thanksgiving!']
2584,[u'i endorse this dentist i have had the privilege and pleasure of knowing dr sandler for close to 20 years my experiences of working with him have been always positive patient feedback is always exceptional and patients expectations have been met and exceeded he is a kind  caring and compassionate man who seeks perfection in his work dr sandler is constantly being educated with the newest knowledge and techniques in his field'  ui have followed dr sandler's comments to patients and practitioners alike for several months his answers to patients are caring  thorough  and obviously fully researched his advice to practioners is spot on--a trusted and erudite member of the dental community it is a privilege to include him in my network of health care providers and resources  u'dr sandler provides excellent advice to patients and peers his advice is consistent with a high standard of care his answers to questions on this site are well thought out and consistent with the kind of care i expect in a true dental professional it is my pleasure to endorse him'  u'dr sandler is that one of a kind of professional that unfortunately is sometimes hard to find  his expertise and professionalism is outstanding and seems to only follow his heart and compassion for patients  i am proud to have met dr sandler and i can not recommend him enough'  ui have been impressed by dr sandler's professionalism  he responds with care and passion and often goes beyond the call of duty in providing useful information in his answers  i consider his patients to be lucky to have him as their dentist i endorse him without reservations  ui know dr sandler from the avvo community and i have experienced his commitment to his patients and dentistry it's rare to find someone who makes an active effort to improve the field and it is from this that i am confident that dr sandler will not disappoint]
2585,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
2586,[u'i endorse this dentist an excellent dentist an a good guy who really cares about his patients capable of treating the most complex patient'  u'i endorse dr certo his contributions are very thoughtful and knowledgable lynann mastaj  dmd'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'i endorse this dentist'  u'i endorse this dentist']
2587,[u'i recommend this doctor  very insightful and i learn something new from these answers'  u'a top doctor we are lucky to have dr eleczcko contribute to healthtap'  u'knowledgeable  caring  answers well founded in scientific fact'  u'excellent dentist  very informative and helpful answers'  u'a very knowledgeable  dedicated and caring dentist'  u'thanks for your valuable contributions']
2588,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
2589,[u'dr williams is very knowledgeable  i recommend him highly']
2590,[u'dr oscar novick is an excellent pediatrician who demonstrates a wide-breadth of knowledge across medical specialties his responses are concise  practical  and insightful and i look forward to reading them additionally he is kind and caring as reflected in his answers i am happy to have dr novick as my colleague on healthtap!'  ui like & admire dr novick 's vastness of passion & compassion  wealth in his specialty knowledge  and keen instinct to conjecture useful solutions beyond available facts so  i recommend him without reservation to anyone in need for his specialty care and service \r\n\r\n(james) chin-ti lin  md  u'dr novick is clearly has an outstanding knowledge of pediatrics he is providing an excellent service to the public via healhtap the information he provides is understandable  accurate & compassionate i endorse dr novick'  u'excellent well thought out answers an excellent resource for patients and an asset to healthtap anybody who takes their personal time  to answer patient questions and does so without anything in return is fine by me'  u'i am always amazed at his breadth of knowledge in pediatrics- it is obvious from his answers and online presence  he is an expert in pediatrics and a value to the health tap community'  u'dr novick has my highest recommendation he is a well respected pediatrician in his community and it is great to see  expertise and insights shared on health tap']
2591,[u'i commend dr quon for his wealth of knowledge  and his consistently outstanding advice which is always to the point  comprehensive and articulate'  u'an excellent physician and resource for the people of mississippi'  u'thoughtful  insightful answers'  u'great oral surgeon!!']
2592,[ui've worked regularly with dr luedecke for more than 10 years  and there is no one i trust more doing anesthesia for my patients he's also highly knowledgeable and involved with modern healthcare reform]
2593,[u'love the way he brings humor in to this answers while still giving the patients good scientific reasoning'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
2594,[u'dr  cox has a wonderful skill set and vast clinical experience  she has obviously helped many and facilitated health and peace of mind for lots of families  not only that--she speaks french!  tres bian!'  u'dr katharine s cox is an excellent physician very knowledgeable passionate and on the top of her field she is a great value to the peolpe of tn and to the family of health tap'  u'highly experienced and respected expert in pediatrics and pediatric emergency medicine great answers to questions highly recommend'  u'superb physician  simple and yet very informative answers to patient questions  answers tend to be calming and reassuring'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'dr cox offers succinct  actionable and compassionate advice']
2595,[u'dr grossman is a knowledgeable and dedicated dentist with well thought out and articulate answers'  u'excellent info']
2596,[u'being trained  licensed  & board certified both medically (both otolaryngology and facial plastic & reconstructive surgery) and dentally (oral & maxillofacial surgery) drgallia is in possession of an incredibly impressive breadth of training  knowledge  and experience in his field  his answers to questions are clear  precise  & very helpful &it is my pleasure to recommend him very highly indeed'  u'although i live far from dr lou  i have had the chance to see his recommendations  his accolades and his patient satisfaction i highly recommend dr lou for his experience  recognition nationally and his devotion to his community of patients'  u'great doctor he gets right to the point  addresses the issue in a straightforward manner and tells you who to follow up with what more could you want glad to have him here on healthtapcom impressed with his tmj expertise'  u'i have known dr gallia to be extremely knowledgable as an oral surgeon and have been very pleased with the way he has teated my patients  i have no hesitation in recommending him'  u'dr gallia is an expert in his field and i highly recommend searching him out for answers relating to ent  maxillofacial  tmj  and other related areas of interest!'  u'not your basic or all surgeon  best of the best! very experience oral surgeon many additional specialties definitely in good hands and highly recommended!']
2597,[u'dr schneider  is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr schneider  is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2598,[u'i highly endorse dr david lipkin as an expert consultant on both healthtap and healthtap prime his commentaries are insightful   astute and educational  for both patients and physicians alike he is an asset to the healthtap comminity'  u'dr lipkin provides patients with caring  accurate and thoughtful advice  highly recommend  one of the best physicians on healthtap'  u'dr lipkin  is caring  helpful and has a wealth of knowledge that he shares with patients and colleagues thank you!'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  udr lipkin's holistic approach definitely speaks wisdom  he cares  u'gives excellent caring advice']
2599,[u'dr mata is a welcomed addition to the avvo community  her answers are well thought out which shows she takes time to provide truly valuable education and insight to her patients  i endorse and recommend dr felicia mata and wish her all the best'  ui endorse dr mata  it's quite apparent that she cares about the quality of her treatment and the well being of her patients it's also evident that she spends a great deal of time educating her patients and stresses preventative care  u'i  would like to endorse dr mata and welcome her to the avvocom community she is providing a public service by providing timely  acurate and insightful information on dental and medical matters'  u'i endorse this dentist dr mata is a very good and professional dentist i would strongly recommend her to anyone!'  u'very thorough & accurate impressive indeed!'  u'great dentist in downtown chicago']
2600,[u'dr hernandez-rey is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr hernandez-rey is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2601,[u'he is a surgical expert who is knowledgeable in hepatitis  inflammatory bowel disease  diet  nutrition\r\nwe are fortunate to have him contributing to the health tap community'  u'dr heller is a significant asset to healthtap  i always enjoy and learn from his comprehensive and easy-to-understand answers well done!'  u'an excellent gastroenterologist who provides insightful and educational answers'  u'thanks for your contribution at health tap'  u'highly accurate and timely responses'  u'i recommend this physician !']
2602,[u'i would recommend and endore dr davantizis without hesitation  dr davantzis does all he can to not only cut through the confusion that patients struggle with  but he does so with well-thought out and meaningful answers  he truly cares not only for his patients  but for the profession of dentistry'  u'i endorse this dentist  i have known dr davantzis professionally and personally for many years  his clinical and interpersonal skills are outstanding  he truly cares for his patients as if they were his own family  i would highly recommend him to anyone in need of dental care'  u'it is a pleasure to speak on behalf of a trusted and proficient colleague whom i have known for 30 years  ted is an intelligent  articulate  compassionate and highly capable clinician  his patients are quite fortunate to have him as their dentist'  u'dr davantzis demonstrates a clear commitment to the dental profession  and to the community his posts on avvo reflect his vast knowledge and expertise  i believe that he is an asset to his profession and to his patients!'  u'i endorse dr davantzis for his ongoing effort to help patients in need of dental advice  for his vast knowledge  and with whom i share his philosophies concerning dental treatment  he is a credit to our profession'  u'dr davantzis gives clear answers and explanantion in a very kind tone  i find myself in agreement with dr davantzis and i endorse this dentist  thank you dr davantzis for your professionalism\nzev kaufman  dds']
2603,[uimpressed by answers which convey an expanded perspective regarding complex clinical issues  providing doctor education  and patient understanding  these approaches reify the value of dr jaren's contributions to healthtap  udr jaren gives intelligent  thoughtful and easy to understand answers  he's a great resource  especially for neurologic questions  u'based upon the materials presented  dr jaren has reputable training and experience'  u'very knowledgeable physician with great resources  recommend without reservation!'  u'dr jaren is a great physician and educator thanks for all you do on healthtap'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
2604,[u'integrative medicine']
2605,[u'i recommend this doctor  very insightful and i learn something new from these answers']
2606,[u'i highly recommend dr ho although she specializes in hematology and oncology - it is clear that her expertise extends well beyond that she provides accurate  informative and easy to understand information she is a real asset to healthtap'  u'compassionate  on-target answers from a very wise physician  dr ho is a wonderful part of the healthtap community  and provides excellent public service'  u'dr ho gives concise  pertinent information  and shares her vast knowledge and expertise over a wide variety of areas in medicine excellent work!'  u'dr ho has a vast fund of knowledge that allows for effectively contributing to this online community of health'  u'i recommend this doctor  very insightful and i learn something new from these answers'  udr liawaty ho consistently provides knowledgeable and caring answers she's great!]
2607,[u'dr king is leader in the field of phlebology   and has contributed significant original research to forward our understanding of the field dr king is knowledgeable   caring dedicated good humored and much more dr king embodies the best attributes of a physician and surgeon'  u'dr king stands amongst the best in the field of phlebology he is a compassionate  trustworthy  dedicated and competent physician'  ualways excellent trustworthy and well written meaningful answers to patient's questions an wonderful physician asset on this site  u'dr king is a most professional   knowledgable and caring physician who deserves great respect\ndr marsha davis'  u'dr king is a well-respected authority on the treatment of chronic venous disease'  u'intelligent  respected expert in phlebology and other areas\r\nhighly recommend']
2608,[u'dr howard schneider is one of the leading pediatric dentists on long island  from the minute you walk in the door  you can tell that he is totally dedicated to patient comfort and the best possible care for your children dr schneider pays close attention to the details  he goes far above and beyond with continuing education i have a great deal of respect for him and recommend him highly'  u'dr howard schneider is accurate and succinct in his answers his background and experience clearly shines! dr don e millner magd ficoi'  u'top notch pediatric dentist with a wide range of knowledge  highly recommend'  u'a very knowledgeable and dedicated pediatric dentist'  u'great dentist!!!']
2609,[u'dr del valle is providing an excellent service to the public via healthtap he in clearly knowledge about anesthesiology & many other areas of medicine i endorse dr del valle'  u'excellent answers and is always very supportive to patients on healthtap'  u'great responses very accurate comes highly recommended'  u'very intelligent  caring answers\r\nhighly recommend'  u'very accurate and informative responses'  u'nice answers great job']
2610,[u'i endorse this dentist i have had the privilege and pleasure of knowing dr sandler for close to 20 years my experiences of working with him have been always positive patient feedback is always exceptional and patients expectations have been met and exceeded he is a kind  caring and compassionate man who seeks perfection in his work dr sandler is constantly being educated with the newest knowledge and techniques in his field'  ui have followed dr sandler's comments to patients and practitioners alike for several months his answers to patients are caring  thorough  and obviously fully researched his advice to practioners is spot on--a trusted and erudite member of the dental community it is a privilege to include him in my network of health care providers and resources  u'dr sandler provides excellent advice to patients and peers his advice is consistent with a high standard of care his answers to questions on this site are well thought out and consistent with the kind of care i expect in a true dental professional it is my pleasure to endorse him'  u'dr sandler is that one of a kind of professional that unfortunately is sometimes hard to find  his expertise and professionalism is outstanding and seems to only follow his heart and compassion for patients  i am proud to have met dr sandler and i can not recommend him enough'  ui have been impressed by dr sandler's professionalism  he responds with care and passion and often goes beyond the call of duty in providing useful information in his answers  i consider his patients to be lucky to have him as their dentist i endorse him without reservations  ui know dr sandler from the avvo community and i have experienced his commitment to his patients and dentistry it's rare to find someone who makes an active effort to improve the field and it is from this that i am confident that dr sandler will not disappoint]
2611,[u'dr duvall is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr duvall is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2612,[u'dr byrnes is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr byrnes is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2613,[u'dr larsh is knowledgeable  caring  and understands the mind/body approach to holistic medicine she gives outstanding advice  and is point on  and accurate in her assessments and answers'  u'dr larsh is clearly a family practice physician who has a holistic  mind/ bind approach she is providing an excellent public service via healthtap com i endorse dr larsh'  u'dr  larsh has a vast fund of knowledge that allows for effectively contributing to this online community of health'  u'dr larsh provides compassionate  informative answers on healthtap  i recommend her  and am learning from her too!'  u'knowledgeable  caring and dedicated!'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
2614,[u'dr ali is extremely knowledgeable  his answers always provide a wealth of resources and accurate information his expertise in medicine and psychiatry together with his compassionate clinical excellence  give the best standard of ethics and care to health tap i highly recommend dr ali'  udr ali is always ready to jump in and help patients on healthtap! he's highly knowledgeable and shares his expertise generously i imagine his own patients consider him kind and approachable  and that they feel lucky to have him in their corner  udr ali is easily one of the most ubiquitous presences on healthtap -- sharing his huge breadth of knowledge  wisdom  and wit  i've learned a great deal from him  and am grateful for his presence here  thanks  dr ali!  u'i always see dr ali online giving expert advice on fear of heights  bipolar disorder  panic attacks  borderline personality disorder  adderall he also reviews apps and is a major contributer to the health tap community'  u'i recommend dr ali for his dedication to healthtap  his clinical judgment  his fund of knowledge and his empathic interaction with those asking questions he is an excellent clinician who responses can be trusted'  u'dr ali gives superb advice in so many different areas apart from his excellent answers to just about all branches of psychiatry i have personally learned much from and am very thankful to him']
2615,[u'i highly endorse dr jeffrey bassman as an expert on health tap and healthtap prime his comments and insights are educational for both patients and physicians he is an asset to the healthtap community'  u'dr bassman is an extremely knowledgeable and dedicated dentist excellent answers and advice'  u'very knowledgable  fantastic answers with quick responses\nexcellent  excellent doctor!'  u'excellent responses to questions and very supportive of patients strongly recommended'  u'i highly recommend dr bassman and thank you for your contributions to healthtap'  u'a very knowledgable and compassionate doctor always gives very sound advice']
2616,[u'dr anderson is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr anderson is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'i am grateful for this doctor this thanksgiving!'  u'excellent and very caring knowledgeble doctor'  u'she was very helpful she is a good doctor']
2617,[udr werner is a highly knowledgeable  compassionate and caring physician (cardiologist) who has helped countless people on healthtap his thank you notes are a testimony to how much the people he helps appreciate him i'd like to add my thank you too  u'this highly knowledgeable physician is amazingly articulate and responds to complex questions with clear and easily understood explanations would certainly use him as my cardiologist if he were closer'  u'knowledgeable  dedicated  experienced  and caring excellent and to the point answers and advice a real asset to the healthtap community thank you for your contributions'  u'i have known dr werner and follow his experty in cardiovascular health since i joined healthtap he is a knowledgeable and dedicated physician whom i highly recommend'  u'excellent   well explained and timely responses  he is highly recognized in the  cardiology  community and a terrific clinical resource for healthtap'  u'dr werner provides among the best answers on health tap his answers are accurate  understandable  always informative  reliable and compassionate']
2618,[udrdavis comes to ht with unique medical training background and unique skills  and with that comes her unique answers and insights here on this forum she is a competent  dedicated  compassionate physician and it's truly a pleasure to recommend her  udr davis is a very knowledgeable  hardworking physician she provides helpful  practical responses to all kinds of questions in adult and pediatric medicine  i'm glad to have her as a healthtap colleague  and highly recommend her  u'dr davis has shown a level of caring and straight-forward communication that is rare in doctors today  she is a genuine individual with an obvious dedication to her patients  she has my highest recommendation !'  u'dr davis is very smart and give great advice  her background as a clinical pharmacist certainly enhances her understanding of complex medical conditions and treatments  she has my highest recommendation!'  u'dr davis is an extremely knowledgeable and caring physician and i continue to learn from reading her answers she is an asset to her patients and the healthtap community'  u'a concise answer  compassion and experience is what you will get when dr davis answers one of your questions  such a great value to the healthtap community!']
2619,[u'dr wingo has a very careful and thoughtful approach to patients with endocrine problems as a neurosurgeon   i am particularly appreciative for her answers to questions related to the pituitary/pituitary tumors'  u'dr wingo provides an excellent public service on healthtap she is clearly extremely knowledgable about internal medicine she provides information that is clear  understandable & spot on i recommend dr wingo'  ui really enjoy dr wingo's answers they are patient explanations of complicated issues  and i learn a lot from her!  udr wingo provides some of the best thyroid answers i've seen on healthtap  her inputs are excellent!  u'well  impressive indeed !   well   caring  educated and  passionate about her work got a winner folks'  u'dr wingo provides thoughtful  helpful  and insightful answers that help all users of this site!']
2620,[u'dr garren is a very welcome addition to healthtap i  have reviewed all of his responses to date and they are straight to the point  accurate  and without equivocation he knows his craft extremely well and is an excellent communicator when space does not permit a full answer  he sends his readers to appropriate websites so they can get a more comprehensive understanding of the topic in question'  u'his expertise in brain and prostate tumors  as well as his  knowledge of modern methods of radiation therapy is undisputable']
2621,[u'love the way he brings humor in to this answers while still giving the patients good scientific reasoning'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
2622,[u'i find dr machanic to be a distinguished  caring  compassionate  and dedicated neurologist specializing in such difficult  complex cases i feel lucky to know him thru the healthtap network  as he has helped so many patients i am glad to meet him  and hope to continue our professional dialogue together  and learn from his vast knowledge base excellent advice given!'  u'dr machanic is a phenomenal asset to healthtap his recommendations are spot-on and his years of experience certainly shines through i even find myself learning from his knowledge in the field of neurology thanks for your contribution!'  u'dr machanic represents one of the most accomplished professionals in our network at healthtapcom his answers are extremely valuable for users and professionals equally  and his opinion is regarded with admiration to his excellence'  u'i have the pleasure of knowing dr machanic professionally and personally he is a caring physician  a wellspring of knowledge  and a funny guy! he provides valuable wisdom  information and perspective in the neurology community'  u'dr bennett machanic is a highly trained and expert neurologist who gives very good expert clinical opinions i highly recommend dr machanic to anyone who is seeking a consultation with a neurologist thank you dr machanic'  u'dr machanic provided a thoughtful response to a curbside consult on cidp  his willingness to help out with a clinical question is very much appreciated thank you  dr machanic!']
2623,[u'this excellent physician is a colleague i greatly respect and trust!'  u'excellent doctor  always gives informative posts']
2624,[uexcellent answers and quick responses with very helpful and thoughtful information offered to patient's questions  u'top doctor']
2625,[u'i strongly recommend dr frank amico to patients seeking care he is such a dedicated physician and impressive interventional cardiologist  who really cares about his patients he is passionate about his work & saving livesplus  he has a great sense of humor & knows how to make a patient feel relaxed & comforted with his compassion his vast knowledge & skills make him a true asset in healthtap'  u'i highly endorse dr frank amico as an expert on healthtap and healthtap prime his clinical insigts and comments are astutue and educational for both patients and physicians alike he is an asset to the healthtap community of experts'  u'i learned a great deal from dr amico clearly an expert in his field  with excellent  humane bedside manner works and collaborates equally effectively with both patients and colleagues healthtap is lucky to have him!'  u'dr amico is one of the best and most thorough physicians around i highly recommend him for any and all of your health needs and questions'  u'i endorse dr amico he is clearly a knowledgeable internist and is providing a valuable service to the public via healthtap'  u'an insightful physician whose answers are always on point']
2626,[u'dr galyon is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr galyon is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2627,[u'dr steinman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr steinman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2628,[u'welcome to my networki am adding you back and will review some of your answers\r\nthanks   brad'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
2629,[u'the only doctor you need to know he is dr michael finkelstein from croton on hudson  ny highly recommended for his knowladge  experience and compassion toward his patients'  u'very knowledgeable expert in internal medicine  wound care  and hyperbarics a pleasure to recommend very highly'  u'smart as a whip! clear  concise  and kind in his answers thoughtful too all-round great person'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'very insightful answered recommended'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
2630,[u'very thoughtful extremely knowledgeable a great doctor a great human being it is my pleasure to be able to write this recommendation'  u'dr rafat provides excellent information on podiatry to the public via healthtap'  u'dr raft enjoys his practice and wants to share his knowledge-dave'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
2631,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
2632,[uthis dr gave me questions that my dr's have never brought up so now i can ask the questions i did not know ask  u'dr gupta is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr gupta is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2633,[u'knowledgeable and caring expert\r\nhighly recommend'  u'thanks for your valuable contributions']
2634,[u'dr sparacino provides an excellent service to the public via health tap he is knowledgable about many areas of medicine and his responses are clear and helpful i recommend dr sparacino'  u'dr sparacino helps everyone by sharing his wide experience in such a thoughtful  responsive manner   his patients in mn are lucky to have him in person!'  u'outstanding consultant on health tap congratulations on top doctor 2013 level 25 is a real achievement'  ui am grateful for dr sparacino's expertise  and kind and thoughtful presence on healthtap!  u'i recommend this doctor  very insightful and i learn something new from these answers'  u'fantastic answers with great expertise   a great doctor to follow on healthtap']
2635,[u'great doc!!']
2636,[u'dr hebert is providing an excellent service to the public via healthtapcom he is knowledgeable in a number of areas of medicine i endorse dr hebert'  u'dr hebert is an excellent pathologist!']
2637,[u'thank you for bringing your expertise to health tap for both the patients and the doctors to benefit from !!!  i appreciate your advice!'  u'an excellent ent surgeon who provides succinct yet thorough and compassionate answers i would highly recommend dr gergits'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
2638,[u'dr gotvald is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr gotvald is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2639,[u'dr bardowell is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr bardowell is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2640,[u'i am grateful to drgrin for educating not only myself  but all of us here at healthtap about pain management  and  moreover  i am grateful to him for his openness to the effects of psychotherapy i have encountered many pain practitioners who devalue therapy as being unneeded  and that medication solves everything no so for dr grin  and i am relieved he is more forward thinking & collaborative!'  u'what a great guy  excellent physician  wonderful colleague and all around genius in the area of pain as well in a surprising range of other areas  i learn from him every day and have recommended that my own daughter read his information to help sort out her tmj  he does not hesitate to tackle any question and returns clear explanations of the most complex issues seasoned with true compassion'  u'dr grin is a wonderful colleague and physician he is knowledgeable in multiple areas not only in the scope of pain management his genuine compassion is evident not only in the way he cares for patients  but for the community of physicians here on healthtap as well we are all lucky to have him share his wisdom with us!'  u'i am endorsing dr grin he is providing an excellent service to the public on healthtap the medical information  dr grin provides is accurate & understandable dr grin is clearly very knowledgeable about pain management and medicine in general'  uhave been reading dr grin's responses and have been impressed with his lucid explanations of issues that are difficult to explain to non-medical personnel he is thorough  concise  and provides excellent advice  u'i highly endorse dr paul grin as a healthtap and healthtap prime as an expert his commentaries and clinical insights are astute and educational to both patients and physicians he is an asset to our community']
2641,[u'dr newman provides knowledgable and concise responses that are to the point  yet empathic i highly recommend him'  u'very thoughtful ob with a great approach to the person  not just the case'  u'nice answers  appears to be caring']
2642,[u'dr sokol is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr sokol is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2643,[u'dr rodriguez is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr rodriguez is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'because you helped me by answering my enquiry']
2644,[u'the doctor you want to send your kid s for pediatrics care the best caring doc in  bellmore  ny'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
2645,[u'i really enjoy reading the information dr bonuel provides  he has a holistic approach and clearly is capable of thinking outside the box in a way that really benefits patients  he is providing an excellent service to the public via healthtap  i recommend dr bonuel'  u'dr bonuel provides concise answers  and links for patients to learn more about their issues  and is an excellent doctor appreciate him being part of the health tap team of outstanding doctors'  u'i fully recommend dr bonuel to anyone needing his help as he seems to care deeply about his field of internal medicine great physician and colleague and asset to the community at healthtap!'  u'dr bonuel is a caring  knowledgeable physician who shares his time on healthtap generously  he answers questions with the whole person in mind  i recommend dr bonuel'  udr bonuel's posts are always thought provoking  one can truly see the commitment and passion to medicine  keep the great answers coming  u'thank you for caring and helping the health tap community of patients and doctors!  keep up the great job!']
2646,[u'outstanding surgeon and physician']
2647,[udr zacharisen provides informative detailed responses to questions that have been challenging  he is straightforward  knowledgeable  accurate and obviously empathetic to the people posing these issues  the fact that his photo carries a good stethoscope is just further evidence of his clinical expertise  don't think i have seen many allergists with one of these  ui enjoy learning from dr zacharisen's answers  as he makes things understandable and approachable  he's a great resource here  providing public service on healthtap  u'i endorse dr zacharisen  he provides accurate  understandable information on healthtap he is providing an excellent service to the public i recommend dr zacharisen'  u'i can see that dr zacharisen loves what he does  practicing good and compassionate medicine!!!\r\nhe provides excellent  precise answers that are easy to understand'  u'fast  fantastic answers to often complex questions  truly an asset to the medical community a true national leader in allergy and immunology'  u'he always backs his answers with scientific evidence and researches the tough questions a great respurce for healthtap']
2648,[u'i highly recommend dr aronzon for his high standard of knowledge  care  and responsiveness he is the kind of doc i would entrust myself and my family with'  u'the person i would consult especially pertaining to patients being treated with antianxiety meds pain meds and have obstructive sleep apnea or copd'  udr aronzon's posts are always thought provoking  one can truly see the commitment and passion to medicine  keep the great answers coming  u'an excellent doctor who provided a pain-free and superb treatment for my own family!  i highly endorse and recommend him!'  u'highly recommended physician who regularly answers patients with excellent respectable responses'  u'dr aronzon is very knowledgeable  caring  outstanding  highly recommended physician in his field']
2649,[udr newton's simple prescriptions change life! he's really an expert at relieving pains kudos and thanks  u'dr newton is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr newton is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  uall of the above and so much more  he's the best!]
2650,[u'quick tesonse direct  thorough answered question and answered not asked (but answers were valuable) very pleased'  u'dr nguyen is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr nguyen is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'very polite  and straight helpful answers']
2651,[u'obviously a highly intelligent and concerned clinician she responds with answers that cover both the patients stated questions and also their implied concerns these are accurate  clearly expressed  and demonstrate both a good sense of humor as well as an obvious concern for patient welfare would love to have a family practitioner like her caring for me'  u'i highly endorse dr anne phelan-adams as a skilled  astute  compassionate and informative expert on the healttap expert panel she is an asset to our group of experts'  u'dr anne phelan-adams offers very valuable information in her clear and concise answers i strongly value her advice and presence on healthtap'  u'reliable expert in family medicine with additional expertise in wilderness medicine pleased to recommend'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
2652,[u'dr schwarzman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr schwarzman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'i am grateful for this doctor this thanksgiving!'  u'i am grateful for this doctor this thanksgiving!']
2653,[u'dr trenga is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr trenga is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2654,[u'dr kinlan is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr kinlan is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2655,[u'our current aafp president  if this md has the trust of the majority of fm doctors in the nationyou can trust him with his answers  thank you for your leadership  to the future of dpc:)am sure will have future discussions with you and dr forrest'  u'i was taught by dr blackwelder in medical school and still remember his words of wisdom and his love of family medicine and wellness'  u'a fantastic and dedicated physician great answers and very helpful! thank you!'  u'helpful  experienced physician who offers great answers on healthtap!'  u'excellent doctor and an asset to healthtap'  u'gives good medical advice and is caring']
2656,[u'dr fischer is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr fischer is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2657,[u'i recommend this physician  she is caring and knowledgeable']
2658,[u'dr joa is the best dr i every met in my 52 years of life she helped me battle alcholim after 30 years of abuse i have been sober 8 months on set8th thanks to this amazing dr i love her!'  u'dr giordano is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr giordano is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2659,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'insightful responses that addresses patients concerns clearly great doc!'  u'thank you so much for your sevice!  keep up the great job!'  u'dr rosenblatt is a top doctor and an asset to healthtap'  u'excellent dentist  who i would recommend highly']
2660,[u'i am grateful to drgrin for educating not only myself  but all of us here at healthtap about pain management  and  moreover  i am grateful to him for his openness to the effects of psychotherapy i have encountered many pain practitioners who devalue therapy as being unneeded  and that medication solves everything no so for dr grin  and i am relieved he is more forward thinking & collaborative!'  u'what a great guy  excellent physician  wonderful colleague and all around genius in the area of pain as well in a surprising range of other areas  i learn from him every day and have recommended that my own daughter read his information to help sort out her tmj  he does not hesitate to tackle any question and returns clear explanations of the most complex issues seasoned with true compassion'  u'dr grin is a wonderful colleague and physician he is knowledgeable in multiple areas not only in the scope of pain management his genuine compassion is evident not only in the way he cares for patients  but for the community of physicians here on healthtap as well we are all lucky to have him share his wisdom with us!'  u'i am endorsing dr grin he is providing an excellent service to the public on healthtap the medical information  dr grin provides is accurate & understandable dr grin is clearly very knowledgeable about pain management and medicine in general'  uhave been reading dr grin's responses and have been impressed with his lucid explanations of issues that are difficult to explain to non-medical personnel he is thorough  concise  and provides excellent advice  u'i highly endorse dr paul grin as a healthtap and healthtap prime as an expert his commentaries and clinical insights are astute and educational to both patients and physicians he is an asset to our community']
2661,[u'great physician always a pleasure working with him']
2662,[u'dr dhingra is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr dhingra is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2663,[u'i strongly endorse dr cohn as a leading physician and healer who demonstrates exceptional knowledge of medicine and hands-on skills  his unique training and experience in practice provides an unparalleled approach to healing'  u'dr cohen represents what we all want from a a doctor he is a true healer who demonstrates a solid science foundation expanded by an appreciation for the rest of what makes us whole  i highly recommend him'  u'you will hard pressed to find a better pain doctor'  u'very consistent!']
2664,[u'dr steinberg is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr steinberg is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2665,[u'i find dr machanic to be a distinguished  caring  compassionate  and dedicated neurologist specializing in such difficult  complex cases i feel lucky to know him thru the healthtap network  as he has helped so many patients i am glad to meet him  and hope to continue our professional dialogue together  and learn from his vast knowledge base excellent advice given!'  u'dr machanic is a phenomenal asset to healthtap his recommendations are spot-on and his years of experience certainly shines through i even find myself learning from his knowledge in the field of neurology thanks for your contribution!'  u'dr machanic represents one of the most accomplished professionals in our network at healthtapcom his answers are extremely valuable for users and professionals equally  and his opinion is regarded with admiration to his excellence'  u'i have the pleasure of knowing dr machanic professionally and personally he is a caring physician  a wellspring of knowledge  and a funny guy! he provides valuable wisdom  information and perspective in the neurology community'  u'dr bennett machanic is a highly trained and expert neurologist who gives very good expert clinical opinions i highly recommend dr machanic to anyone who is seeking a consultation with a neurologist thank you dr machanic'  u'dr machanic provided a thoughtful response to a curbside consult on cidp  his willingness to help out with a clinical question is very much appreciated thank you  dr machanic!']
2666,nan
2667,[u'i endorse this dentist i have had the privilege and pleasure of knowing dr sandler for close to 20 years my experiences of working with him have been always positive patient feedback is always exceptional and patients expectations have been met and exceeded he is a kind  caring and compassionate man who seeks perfection in his work dr sandler is constantly being educated with the newest knowledge and techniques in his field'  ui have followed dr sandler's comments to patients and practitioners alike for several months his answers to patients are caring  thorough  and obviously fully researched his advice to practioners is spot on--a trusted and erudite member of the dental community it is a privilege to include him in my network of health care providers and resources  u'dr sandler provides excellent advice to patients and peers his advice is consistent with a high standard of care his answers to questions on this site are well thought out and consistent with the kind of care i expect in a true dental professional it is my pleasure to endorse him'  u'dr sandler is that one of a kind of professional that unfortunately is sometimes hard to find  his expertise and professionalism is outstanding and seems to only follow his heart and compassion for patients  i am proud to have met dr sandler and i can not recommend him enough'  ui have been impressed by dr sandler's professionalism  he responds with care and passion and often goes beyond the call of duty in providing useful information in his answers  i consider his patients to be lucky to have him as their dentist i endorse him without reservations  ui know dr sandler from the avvo community and i have experienced his commitment to his patients and dentistry it's rare to find someone who makes an active effort to improve the field and it is from this that i am confident that dr sandler will not disappoint]
2668,[u'dr erskine is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower8'  u'dr erskine is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr erskine is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'he gives good information']
2669,[u'i would recommend and endore dr davantizis without hesitation  dr davantzis does all he can to not only cut through the confusion that patients struggle with  but he does so with well-thought out and meaningful answers  he truly cares not only for his patients  but for the profession of dentistry'  u'i endorse this dentist  i have known dr davantzis professionally and personally for many years  his clinical and interpersonal skills are outstanding  he truly cares for his patients as if they were his own family  i would highly recommend him to anyone in need of dental care'  u'it is a pleasure to speak on behalf of a trusted and proficient colleague whom i have known for 30 years  ted is an intelligent  articulate  compassionate and highly capable clinician  his patients are quite fortunate to have him as their dentist'  u'dr davantzis demonstrates a clear commitment to the dental profession  and to the community his posts on avvo reflect his vast knowledge and expertise  i believe that he is an asset to his profession and to his patients!'  u'i endorse dr davantzis for his ongoing effort to help patients in need of dental advice  for his vast knowledge  and with whom i share his philosophies concerning dental treatment  he is a credit to our profession'  u'dr davantzis gives clear answers and explanantion in a very kind tone  i find myself in agreement with dr davantzis and i endorse this dentist  thank you dr davantzis for your professionalism\nzev kaufman  dds']
2670,[uday after day  dr fowler answers scads of patient questions tirelessly while managing to handle each one with care and thoughtfulness she's earned the respect and admiration of many docs here as both a colleague and a leader - one who readily cheers us on and one who humanizes us all with the funny and folksy expressions that dot her answers (whoah nelly  indeed!)  hats off to dr fowler!  uwhen a physician has so many colleagues who admire her and her work  it should not be a surprise that she is an outstanding doctor but dr fowler has that something extra that almost seems magical she's a true humanitarian  and i consider it a blessing to have her be part of the healthtap community here's to you dr fowler  for all you are and do for patients and colleagues alike cheers!  ui've had the opportunity to interact with dr fowler for the last several months on the former avvo health website where she was the top doc bar none her answers to psychiatric questions are spot on and serve as an excellent source of information for non-psychiatrists this is complemented by her overall fund of general medical knowledge which she dispenses in a compassionate manner  uwow!  i decided to read the recommendations from other doctors before writing mine  five minutes later i still have not gotten to the bottom of the list  hard to add to all of this but i must say i love reading dr fowler's responses  concise  to the point and done with a sense of compassion and an endearing sense of humor  i highly recommend her and learn a lot from her  u'dr fowler is a conscientious contributor to the community  providing insightful opinions to people in need although many physicians are perhaps skeptical of the services this  and other medical information websites provide  there are a growing number of disenfranchised people out there who need some help  understanding  and kindness dr fowler helps provide all three'  ui only know dr fowler from interacting with her on avvocom  reading her answers  i can't help but sense the deep compassion this fine doctor possesses  she goes out of her way to answer people's questions  and will research topics that are not even in her area of expertise to provide assistance dr fowler comes across as a great doctor and a wonderful human being!]
2671,[u'dr schmidt is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr schmidt is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2672,[u'dr bernstein is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr bernstein is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2673,[u'dr kass has consistently shown thoughtful and useful advise to patients in his interactions he is an expert in his field i highly recommend him for your health care needs !'  u'i asked him a question as a colleague and he was prompt to reply with advise  it shows he is committed and really cares'  u'i recommend this doctor  very insightful and i learn something new from these answers'  u'excellent doctor with diagnosis  treatment  surgery with excellent bedside manor'  u'dr kass provides excellent information on podiatry to the public via healthtap'  u'intelligent  accurate  kind answers\r\nhighly recommend']
2674,[u'dr chin-ti lin is a unique physician & individual his excellent & accurate answers are more than credit worthy because they help the individuals asking hem  help anyone else with similar queries & enhance both reliability & stature of healthtap more than that  dr lin is a philosopher urologist dedicated to making this world a better place check his website: wwwformefirstcom i salute him'  u'dr chin-ti lin is an excellent physician and urologist! he cares about the total person and emphasizes education and integrated  holistic treatments including adopting a healthy attitude and lifestyle changes prior to using more invasive techniques he provides answers in easy to understand language'  u'dr james lin appears to be highly intelligent  knowledgeable in his field  and has an excellent feel for patient concerns and comfort levels his advice is pragmatic  addresses the problems inquired about clearly and accurately and i would strongly recommend him'  u'dr chin-ti lin s a phenomenal asset to healthtap his recommendations are spot-on and his years of experience certainly shines through i even find myself learning from his knowledge in the field of urology thanks for your contribution!'  u'dr chin is wise  fun  and  so readable  he always brings smile to my face  with his sense of humor  he is the doctor that you and your family can trust because he is very knowledgable and compassionate i high recommend dr chin'  u'i endorse dr chin-ti lin he is clearly an exceptionally knowledgeable urologist he provides accurate  thorough  understandable and spot on medical education to the public it is great to work on the same team as him']
2675,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
2676,[u'dr howard schneider is one of the leading pediatric dentists on long island  from the minute you walk in the door  you can tell that he is totally dedicated to patient comfort and the best possible care for your children dr schneider pays close attention to the details  he goes far above and beyond with continuing education i have a great deal of respect for him and recommend him highly'  u'dr howard schneider is accurate and succinct in his answers his background and experience clearly shines! dr don e millner magd ficoi'  u'top notch pediatric dentist with a wide range of knowledge  highly recommend'  u'a very knowledgeable and dedicated pediatric dentist'  u'great dentist!!!']
2677,[u'great job thank you!']
2678,[u'dr mack is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr mack is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2679,[u'i recommend drjaskiel highly his advice and comments in the dentistry section have always come across as precise  concise and very useful i appreciate his commitment and dedication to health tap'  u'dr jaskiell is providing an outstanding service to the public through the education he provides on healthtap i recommend dr jaskiel'  udr jaskiel's informative  easily understandable healthtap answers are a wonderful public service  i highly recommend him  udr jaskiel's answers show his knowledge and art of practicing dentistry i highly recommend him  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'excellent dentist and a welcome addition to healthtap']
2680,[u'i have been following dr singh\'s answers for some time and am impressed in how easily his answers get right to the heart of the questions you might say that his answers all have a certain pop to them'  u'your dedication and commitment to providing quality health consultation on healthtap is greatly admired and a true benefit to your patients keep up the good work'  udr singh provides very informative answers that are right on track with the questions asked  he's a wonderful asset to the healthtap community!  u'dr singh  addresses patient questions in a concise  clear manner  with  links for additional information  excellent physician!'  u'prolific and insightful  dr singh is an important contributor valued by his patients and his physician colleagues'  u'i recommend this doctor  very insightful and i learn something new from these answers']
2681,[u'dr chang is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr chang is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2682,[u'always has great informative posts about ob/gyn  he is a great asset to healthtap'  u'very accurate and useful responses'  u'a caring and empathetic physician!']
2683,[u'dr starr is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2684,[u'dr wimberly is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr wimberly is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2685,[u'i recommend you as a well know expert in your field\r\ndr jakavick would recommend this dr to all who seek their expertise'  u'truly a leader in the field of interventional radiology and an author of no nonsense  reliable ht opinions'  u'highly recommended and enthusiastic to helping his clients-dave'  u'highly recommend'  u'recommended']
2686,[u'dr luikenaar is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr luikenaar is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2687,[udr grieco's answers are accurate and what i particularly like is his wisdom in triage and referral this is what makes a good physician great he clearly possesses a broad knowledge base and shows great caring for patients in his responses i highly recommend him  u'dr grieco is clearly very knowledgable and caring -- his answers show how concerned he is for patients to receive the best care possible a very good physician !'  u'great doc!!']
2688,[u'being trained  licensed  & board certified both medically (both otolaryngology and facial plastic & reconstructive surgery) and dentally (oral & maxillofacial surgery) drgallia is in possession of an incredibly impressive breadth of training  knowledge  and experience in his field  his answers to questions are clear  precise  & very helpful &it is my pleasure to recommend him very highly indeed'  u'although i live far from dr lou  i have had the chance to see his recommendations  his accolades and his patient satisfaction i highly recommend dr lou for his experience  recognition nationally and his devotion to his community of patients'  u'great doctor he gets right to the point  addresses the issue in a straightforward manner and tells you who to follow up with what more could you want glad to have him here on healthtapcom impressed with his tmj expertise'  u'i have known dr gallia to be extremely knowledgable as an oral surgeon and have been very pleased with the way he has teated my patients  i have no hesitation in recommending him'  u'dr gallia is an expert in his field and i highly recommend searching him out for answers relating to ent  maxillofacial  tmj  and other related areas of interest!'  u'not your basic or all surgeon  best of the best! very experience oral surgeon many additional specialties definitely in good hands and highly recommended!']
2689,[u'one of the most outstanding physician that can offer wide range of recommendation  suggestions that are thought provoking '  u'dr jay rosenfeld is a forward thinking physician and comprehensive rehabilitationist'  uanswers patient's questions in a timely manner  very knowledgeable!  u'very knowledgeable and caring answers'  u'nice answers  well thought out']
2690,[u'i love dr fink! he is an amazingly kind  patient  and knowledgeable doctor who takes his time and offers individualized consult at every visit'  u'dr fink is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr fink is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2691,[u'dr siefferman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr siefferman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2692,[u'i am grateful for this doctor this thanksgiving!'  u'i am grateful for this doctor this thanksgiving!']
2693,[u'i recommend dr kunen his responses on health tap are compassionate  right on target and  understandable he is providing an excellent service to the public on health tap'  u'dr kunen replies to healthtap questions in wonderfully kind  insightful  and informative ways  i am happy to recommend him']
2694,[u'dr vasu brown has been an ardent supporter of  and active contributor to  healthtap as evidenced by her level 23 status (wow!)  i always enjoy her answers'  u'very dedicated healer  generous with her time and expertise  focused on helping people get well'  u'good answers  provide helpful feedback'  u'accurate  informative & precise!'  u'good conservative advice'  u'wow  bravo  excellent']
2695,[u'dr howard schneider is one of the leading pediatric dentists on long island  from the minute you walk in the door  you can tell that he is totally dedicated to patient comfort and the best possible care for your children dr schneider pays close attention to the details  he goes far above and beyond with continuing education i have a great deal of respect for him and recommend him highly'  u'dr howard schneider is accurate and succinct in his answers his background and experience clearly shines! dr don e millner magd ficoi'  u'top notch pediatric dentist with a wide range of knowledge  highly recommend'  u'a very knowledgeable and dedicated pediatric dentist'  u'great dentist!!!']
2696,[uday after day  dr fowler answers scads of patient questions tirelessly while managing to handle each one with care and thoughtfulness she's earned the respect and admiration of many docs here as both a colleague and a leader - one who readily cheers us on and one who humanizes us all with the funny and folksy expressions that dot her answers (whoah nelly  indeed!)  hats off to dr fowler!  uwhen a physician has so many colleagues who admire her and her work  it should not be a surprise that she is an outstanding doctor but dr fowler has that something extra that almost seems magical she's a true humanitarian  and i consider it a blessing to have her be part of the healthtap community here's to you dr fowler  for all you are and do for patients and colleagues alike cheers!  ui've had the opportunity to interact with dr fowler for the last several months on the former avvo health website where she was the top doc bar none her answers to psychiatric questions are spot on and serve as an excellent source of information for non-psychiatrists this is complemented by her overall fund of general medical knowledge which she dispenses in a compassionate manner  uwow!  i decided to read the recommendations from other doctors before writing mine  five minutes later i still have not gotten to the bottom of the list  hard to add to all of this but i must say i love reading dr fowler's responses  concise  to the point and done with a sense of compassion and an endearing sense of humor  i highly recommend her and learn a lot from her  u'dr fowler is a conscientious contributor to the community  providing insightful opinions to people in need although many physicians are perhaps skeptical of the services this  and other medical information websites provide  there are a growing number of disenfranchised people out there who need some help  understanding  and kindness dr fowler helps provide all three'  ui only know dr fowler from interacting with her on avvocom  reading her answers  i can't help but sense the deep compassion this fine doctor possesses  she goes out of her way to answer people's questions  and will research topics that are not even in her area of expertise to provide assistance dr fowler comes across as a great doctor and a wonderful human being!]
2697,[u'dr karakattu is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr karakattu is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2698,[u'dr smith is really knows his field and provides clear and caring answers a great and trustworthy resource!'  u'experienced  respected specialist in ent and head and neck surgery highly recommend'  u'very accurate and timely responses'  u'great doc!']
2699,[u'the words wildly talented clearly apply to dr rao i find him to be world class in his work and highly personable with great bedside manner i recommend him vigorously to both colleagues and patients alike on healthtap!'  udr rao has an incredible knowledge of general medicine in addition to his speciality of surgery  his thoughtful answers reveal a knowledgeable and caring physician i value dr rao's contributions on health tap  u'i fully recommend dr rao to anyone needing his help as he has provided wonderful answers and seems to care deeply about his field of medicine  great physician and colleague!'  u'dr rao provides an outstanding public service on healthtap dr rao is very knowledgable about general surgery and medicine in general i recommend dr rao'  u'i appreciate dr rao  caring knowledgeable help to both the patients and doctors alike on healthtap  thank you dr rao!'  u'recognized eminence  dr rao has helped tons of people get better through his thoughtful answers and wise advice']
2700,[u'dr xanthopoulos is a superb pediatrician  much loved by his patients & their families  also held in great respect by his peers']
2701,nan
2702,[u'dr de la vega is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2703,[udr shariq rafai is a knowledgeable and compassionate physician  dr rafai's responses are detailed  concise  and practical  additionally  dr rafai demonstrates exceptional patient rapport  i am pleased to have dr rafai as a colleague on healthtap  u'i strongly recommend dr refai for his broad knowledge of medicine and psychiatry in particular  his straightforward answers  and his willingness to serve mankind here on healthtap i am pleased to call him a colleague and i recommend him highly'  u'dr refai s a phenomenal asset to healthtap his recommendations are spot-on and his years of experience certainly shines through i even find myself learning from his knowledge in the field of  psychiatry thanks for your contribution!'  u'i like that dr refai gives thoughtful answers outside his field as well as answers that clearly demonstrate his depth of knowledge in psychiatry i am happy to have him as a resource for questions about psychotropic medications'  udr refai's comprehensive knowledge of psychiatry is conveyed in his understandable & helpful responses on healthtap he is providing an excellent service to the public i recommend drrefai  u'dr refai has consistently shown thoughtful and useful advise to patients in his interactions he is an expert in his field i highly recommend him for your health care needs !']
2704,[u'we are fortunate to have dr wint here on health tap i know him for many years and he is knowledgeable on hand and nerve surgery he is a major contributor to the health tap website'  u'dr wint in an exceptional hand surgeon and highly recommended'  u'dr wint has wide ranging knowledge and a wealth of experience'  u'dr wint is a highly knowledgable & capable hand surgeon'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
2705,[u'dr chmielewski has an excellent knowledge base that far exceeds the scope of radiology he is providing an excellent service to the public i endorse \r\ndr chmielewski'  u'outstanding knowledge!']
2706,[u'dr kass has consistently shown thoughtful and useful advise to patients in his interactions he is an expert in his field i highly recommend him for your health care needs !'  u'i asked him a question as a colleague and he was prompt to reply with advise  it shows he is committed and really cares'  u'i recommend this doctor  very insightful and i learn something new from these answers'  u'excellent doctor with diagnosis  treatment  surgery with excellent bedside manor'  u'dr kass provides excellent information on podiatry to the public via healthtap'  u'intelligent  accurate  kind answers\r\nhighly recommend']
2707,[u'great doc!!']
2708,[u'dr hurwitz is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2709,[u'dr bowman is a national recognized expert in foot and ankle surgery  he is well-known for being informative and having plans of meaningful action for patients  i highly endorse him without reservations'  u'dr bowman is a kind caring physician with advanced training in foot and ankle medicine and surgery  he has years of experience and a practice with an outstanding reputation'  u'knowledgeable doctor - if anyone is in houston  their feet would be in good hands with dr bowmanhighly recommended']
2710,[u'dr goldstein is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr goldstein is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'very quick to answer  and would refer him to any person in need']
2711,[u'being trained  licensed  & board certified both medically (both otolaryngology and facial plastic & reconstructive surgery) and dentally (oral & maxillofacial surgery) drgallia is in possession of an incredibly impressive breadth of training  knowledge  and experience in his field  his answers to questions are clear  precise  & very helpful &it is my pleasure to recommend him very highly indeed'  u'although i live far from dr lou  i have had the chance to see his recommendations  his accolades and his patient satisfaction i highly recommend dr lou for his experience  recognition nationally and his devotion to his community of patients'  u'great doctor he gets right to the point  addresses the issue in a straightforward manner and tells you who to follow up with what more could you want glad to have him here on healthtapcom impressed with his tmj expertise'  u'i have known dr gallia to be extremely knowledgable as an oral surgeon and have been very pleased with the way he has teated my patients  i have no hesitation in recommending him'  u'dr gallia is an expert in his field and i highly recommend searching him out for answers relating to ent  maxillofacial  tmj  and other related areas of interest!'  u'not your basic or all surgeon  best of the best! very experience oral surgeon many additional specialties definitely in good hands and highly recommended!']
2712,[u'dr joe woods is reliably well informed with superb knowledge base  and able to parse very complex situations into easy understandable directives highly recommended ! ed seegers md  facp'  u'strongly recommended great posts for patients and thorough  attentive answers to practitioners alike knowledgeable  attentive  enthusiastic!'  u'i highly recommend dr woods even other experts learn from his answers'  uanswers patient's questions in a timely manner  very knowledgeable!  u'excellent responses to questions and very supportive of patients'  u'excellent pathologist! great asset to healthtap!']
2713,[u'dr kessler is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr kessler is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'i am grateful for this doctor this thanksgiving!']
2714,[u'dr bobrin is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr bobrin is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'great advice']
2715,[u'dr jafry is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr jafry is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2716,[u'i recommend dr beresh  he is an asset to healthtap and is well respected in the medical community'  u'i believe he is honest and sincere  his knowledge is excellent'  u'will follow you on health tap'  u'highly recommended-dave'  u'very knowledgeable']
2717,[u'dr hebert is providing an excellent service to the public via healthtapcom he is knowledgeable in a number of areas of medicine i endorse dr hebert'  u'dr hebert is an excellent pathologist!']
2718,[u'dr schamberg is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr schamberg is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2719,[u'dr malvehy is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr malvehy is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2720,[u'i would recommend and endore dr davantizis without hesitation  dr davantzis does all he can to not only cut through the confusion that patients struggle with  but he does so with well-thought out and meaningful answers  he truly cares not only for his patients  but for the profession of dentistry'  u'i endorse this dentist  i have known dr davantzis professionally and personally for many years  his clinical and interpersonal skills are outstanding  he truly cares for his patients as if they were his own family  i would highly recommend him to anyone in need of dental care'  u'it is a pleasure to speak on behalf of a trusted and proficient colleague whom i have known for 30 years  ted is an intelligent  articulate  compassionate and highly capable clinician  his patients are quite fortunate to have him as their dentist'  u'dr davantzis demonstrates a clear commitment to the dental profession  and to the community his posts on avvo reflect his vast knowledge and expertise  i believe that he is an asset to his profession and to his patients!'  u'i endorse dr davantzis for his ongoing effort to help patients in need of dental advice  for his vast knowledge  and with whom i share his philosophies concerning dental treatment  he is a credit to our profession'  u'dr davantzis gives clear answers and explanantion in a very kind tone  i find myself in agreement with dr davantzis and i endorse this dentist  thank you dr davantzis for your professionalism\nzev kaufman  dds']
2721,[u'dr kass has consistently shown thoughtful and useful advise to patients in his interactions he is an expert in his field i highly recommend him for your health care needs !'  u'i asked him a question as a colleague and he was prompt to reply with advise  it shows he is committed and really cares'  u'i recommend this doctor  very insightful and i learn something new from these answers'  u'excellent doctor with diagnosis  treatment  surgery with excellent bedside manor'  u'dr kass provides excellent information on podiatry to the public via healthtap'  u'intelligent  accurate  kind answers\r\nhighly recommend']
2722,[u'would recommend him to my patients'  u'ent specialist']
2723,[u'dr gabor  has an outstanding knowledge base of both diagnostic radiology and of medicine in general (across the board)  he is providing a valuable service to the public via healthtap i endorse dr gabor'  u'dr michael gabor is an excellent physician  very knowledgeable passionate  and on the top of his field he is a great value to the people of ny  and to the family of health tap'  u'dr gabor is a very knowledgeable and compassionate doctor always enjoy reading his insightful answers highly recommended'  u'understandable answers  educates us all both patients and doctors alike  generous and collaborative recommended to all!'  u'dr gabor has been an excellent consultant and is a great asset to thr healthtap prime physician community'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
2724,[u'dr cattano provides thoughful  interesting  accurate and understandable responses on healthtap  he is providing an excellent service to the public i learn by reading his input i recommend dr cattano'  ui very much enjoy dr cattano's insightful and thorough answers to  patient questions on the site  i highly recommend  him as a source of gi knowledge  great work !  ui enjoy reading dr cattano's responses on healthtap -- they teach me something every time  he's a wonderful physician and contributor here -- highly recommended!  u'a concise answer  compassion and experience is what you will get when dr cattano answers one of your questions  such a great value to the healthtap community!'  u'dr cattano is a font of wisdom!  everyone  docs and patients  can profit from his excellent posts  his courtesy and respect for us all is also admirable'  u'drcattano is obviously  from his online answers  a very knowledgeable and competent gastroenterologist i would be his patient if i lived in his area']
2725,[u'i find dr machanic to be a distinguished  caring  compassionate  and dedicated neurologist specializing in such difficult  complex cases i feel lucky to know him thru the healthtap network  as he has helped so many patients i am glad to meet him  and hope to continue our professional dialogue together  and learn from his vast knowledge base excellent advice given!'  u'dr machanic is a phenomenal asset to healthtap his recommendations are spot-on and his years of experience certainly shines through i even find myself learning from his knowledge in the field of neurology thanks for your contribution!'  u'dr machanic represents one of the most accomplished professionals in our network at healthtapcom his answers are extremely valuable for users and professionals equally  and his opinion is regarded with admiration to his excellence'  u'i have the pleasure of knowing dr machanic professionally and personally he is a caring physician  a wellspring of knowledge  and a funny guy! he provides valuable wisdom  information and perspective in the neurology community'  u'dr bennett machanic is a highly trained and expert neurologist who gives very good expert clinical opinions i highly recommend dr machanic to anyone who is seeking a consultation with a neurologist thank you dr machanic'  u'dr machanic provided a thoughtful response to a curbside consult on cidp  his willingness to help out with a clinical question is very much appreciated thank you  dr machanic!']
2726,[u'dr sirak is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr sirak is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2727,[u'dr sharma is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr sharma is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2728,[u'great doctor! i trust his answers\r\nkind  caring  intelligent\r\nhighly recommend'  u'knowledgable  caring and helpful answers'  u'i recommend this physician'  u'very thorough and concise']
2729,[uwe both share the idea that holistic medicine and mainstream medicine have a lot to learn from each other i believe most if not all holistic medicine approaches are hundred of years older than western medicine and either just as effective and in many situations more effective just because we may not know how something works doesn't mean we discard it\r\nwe need dr that think outside of the box!  udr baker provides wonderfully on-target answers and resources on healthtap  i'm grateful to him for his insights  and also inspired by all the reading and learning he clearly does to help his patients  thanks  dr baker!  udr baker offers timely  accurate and pertinent holistic medical advice that truly takes into account the patient's welfare  and health am very impressed with his thoroughness  u'dr baker is an outstanding physician practicing medicine as it should be practiced by combining the best of all systems of medicine in order to treat the whole patient'  u'it is my pleasure to recommend dr baker for his expertise in herbal supplements  lyme disease  vegetarian diet  vitamin c  ascorbic acid and holistic medicine'  u'dr baker has a  vast knowledge about holistic medicine i learn a great deal from reading the information he provides on healthtap i recommend dr baker']
2730,[u'dr bowman is a national recognized expert in foot and ankle surgery  he is well-known for being informative and having plans of meaningful action for patients  i highly endorse him without reservations'  u'dr bowman is a kind caring physician with advanced training in foot and ankle medicine and surgery  he has years of experience and a practice with an outstanding reputation'  u'knowledgeable doctor - if anyone is in houston  their feet would be in good hands with dr bowmanhighly recommended']
2731,[u'i recommend this doctor  very insightful and i learn something new from these answers'  u'a top doctor we are lucky to have dr eleczcko contribute to healthtap'  u'knowledgeable  caring  answers well founded in scientific fact'  u'excellent dentist  very informative and helpful answers'  u'a very knowledgeable  dedicated and caring dentist'  u'thanks for your valuable contributions']
2732,[u'recommend dr munshower with the highest accolades  his answers on health tap are thoughtful  caring and scientifically accurate  he possesses the ability to answer patients questions intelligently while at the same time providing excellent health education and informing patients in a thoughtful manner  the highest recommendation'  umost people spend more time shopping for a new car than they select a physician it's important to find a physician you trust and feel comfortable with dr john c munshower is the only one you need to know he is a human being who cares about people  i'm really learning a lot from him highly recommended  ui see many of dr munshower's patients  i hear from them over and over how much they enjoy having him for their primary care doctor and that they think they are receiving excellent care from him  u'i fully recommend dr munshower to anyone needing his help as he seems to care deeply about his field of family medicine great physician and colleague and asset to the community at healthtap!'  u'dr john munshower is a knowledgeable  experienced  and caring physician  his responses are clear  concise  and practical  i am pleased to have dr munshower as a colleague on healthtap!'  udr munshower provides excellent  concise  accurate recommendations to patients' questions  that are well meaningful and relevant i value his contributions to the health tap forum]
2733,[u'dr inwood is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr inwood is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr inwood is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'tks for info  appreciate that you suggested more than one possibility'  u'i am grateful for this doctor this thanksgiving!']
2734,[u'i would recommend and endore dr davantizis without hesitation  dr davantzis does all he can to not only cut through the confusion that patients struggle with  but he does so with well-thought out and meaningful answers  he truly cares not only for his patients  but for the profession of dentistry'  u'i endorse this dentist  i have known dr davantzis professionally and personally for many years  his clinical and interpersonal skills are outstanding  he truly cares for his patients as if they were his own family  i would highly recommend him to anyone in need of dental care'  u'it is a pleasure to speak on behalf of a trusted and proficient colleague whom i have known for 30 years  ted is an intelligent  articulate  compassionate and highly capable clinician  his patients are quite fortunate to have him as their dentist'  u'dr davantzis demonstrates a clear commitment to the dental profession  and to the community his posts on avvo reflect his vast knowledge and expertise  i believe that he is an asset to his profession and to his patients!'  u'i endorse dr davantzis for his ongoing effort to help patients in need of dental advice  for his vast knowledge  and with whom i share his philosophies concerning dental treatment  he is a credit to our profession'  u'dr davantzis gives clear answers and explanantion in a very kind tone  i find myself in agreement with dr davantzis and i endorse this dentist  thank you dr davantzis for your professionalism\nzev kaufman  dds']
2735,[ui endorse this doctor he provides outstanding information to the public on avvocom  accurate  compassionate and in layman's terms  u'excellent answers and very timely  great doctor to follow    ron (oral surgeon  orlando)'  u'i endorse this doctor']
2736,[u'i highly recommend dr levitt']
2737,[u'would recommend him to my patients'  u'ent specialist']
2738,[u'dr shifrin is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr shifrin is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2739,[u'i have been impressed with dr minich pointed answers with knowledge  depth  wit  and kindness so  i highly recommend her to anyone looking for care / service from her specialty without reservation \r\n\r\n(james) chin-ti lin  md'  u'dr minich is a dedicated doctor  who has been actively answering complex medical questions with compassion  and insight she provides practical and solutions  and recommendations for patients great healthteam expert'  u'i highly endorse dr diane mimich as an expert in her field and as an asset to the healthtap community of experts she is knowledgeable  insightful and empathetic i think that she is an asset  to our physician panel'  u'i have learned a great deal from dr minich here on healthtap and have learned a great deal from her thoughtful  expert  and helpful answers to her patients i look forward to learning more from her!'  u'i recommend dr minich she is providing a valuable service to the public via healthtap she provides sensible  accurate and respectful input i endorse dr minich'  u'dr minich is an extremely knowledgeable physician who obviously care greatly for her patients and their health she is a terrific asset to the healthtap community!']
2740,nan
2741,[u'i would  like to welcome dr  bradley to avvocom he is providing a valuable public service through his insightful responses on avvocom'  u'dr bradley has provided insightful  compassionate and well thought out answers on avvo  he is a welcome addition to the avvo community'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'i enjoy your comments useful and practical']
2742,[u'i endorse this doctor  during the last 2yrs i have provided anesthesia for approximately 20 cosmetic procedures with dr walker  i have observed him to be professional and conscientious he is respectful to his patients and or staff as well'  u'i endorse this doctor dr walker takes time to investigate and research his thoughtful answers to questions to provide patients with accurate information'  u'i endorse dr walker he provides a valuable public service through the guidance and medical education he shares on avvocom']
2743,[ui have enjoyed and learned from dr hoepfner's responses on this website  he demonstrates a wide ranging knowledge of medicine  yet is able to provide concise  relevant answers to patients' questions i recommend him  u'an excellent resource for patients and an asset to healthtap anybody who takes their personal time  to answer patient questions and does so without anything in return is fine by me'  u'i endorse this doctor  excellent information provided through avvocom as a public service very knowledgable with concise and helpful responses'  u'very knowledgable and quick responses  we need more doctors like dr hoepfner   excellent excellent!'  u'great  succinct answers to complex questions on healthtap  i recommend dr hoepfner'  u'a knowledgeable  caring  and dedicated physician']
2744,[ulap chole post op complicaton i am leaving agh today and would love to share my personal experience with  biliary peritonitis email me and u will tell u in a nut shelle now i'm off work for 4 weeks email is sat229 @ hotmail  com hope to hear from you  u'very knowledgeable and helpful he covered a lot of information and asked plenty of questions to make sure we were on the right track very helpful'  u'dr hammerstead is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr hammerstead is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr hammerstead made my first experience with health tap very positive'  u'i am grateful for this doctor this thanksgiving!']
2745,[u'dr gabor  has an outstanding knowledge base of both diagnostic radiology and of medicine in general (across the board)  he is providing a valuable service to the public via healthtap i endorse dr gabor'  u'dr michael gabor is an excellent physician  very knowledgeable passionate  and on the top of his field he is a great value to the people of ny  and to the family of health tap'  u'dr gabor is a very knowledgeable and compassionate doctor always enjoy reading his insightful answers highly recommended'  u'understandable answers  educates us all both patients and doctors alike  generous and collaborative recommended to all!'  u'dr gabor has been an excellent consultant and is a great asset to thr healthtap prime physician community'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
2746,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  uanswers patient's questions in a timely manner  very knowledgeable!  u'highly recommended and enthusiastic to helping his clients-dave'  u'knowledegeable and caring answers']
2747,[u'dr krishnan is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr krishnan is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2748,[u'i recommend you as a well know expert in your field\r\ndr jakavick would recommend this dr to all who seek their expertise'  u'i recommend this doctor  very insightful and i learn something new from these answers'  uanswers patient's questions in a timely manner  very knowledgeable!  u'gives great advice very kind\r\nhighly recommend'  u'very timely and accurate responses'  u'dedicated  knowledgeable  caring']
2749,[u'this is an easy recommendation to make we are all honored to have you among us thank you for taking the time to help all of us  doctors included'  u'very intelligent and caring doctor\r\nhighly recommend'  u'knowledegeable and caring answers'  u'i recommend this physician'  u'an asset to healthtap'  u'excellent']
2750,[u'dr bloom is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr bloom is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2751,[u'i find dr adams answer very helpful and recommend him to you!']
2752,[ui have enjoyed and learned from dr hoepfner's responses on this website  he demonstrates a wide ranging knowledge of medicine  yet is able to provide concise  relevant answers to patients' questions i recommend him  u'an excellent resource for patients and an asset to healthtap anybody who takes their personal time  to answer patient questions and does so without anything in return is fine by me'  u'i endorse this doctor  excellent information provided through avvocom as a public service very knowledgable with concise and helpful responses'  u'very knowledgable and quick responses  we need more doctors like dr hoepfner   excellent excellent!'  u'great  succinct answers to complex questions on healthtap  i recommend dr hoepfner'  u'a knowledgeable  caring  and dedicated physician']
2753,[u'dr guzik has consistently shown thoughtful and useful advise to patients in his interactions he is an expert in his field i highly recommend him for your health care needs !']
2754,[u'timely and accurate answers'  u'thank you great answers!']
2755,[u'very impressive physician and scientist who nevertheless reaches out to those of us who can learn a lot from him  drjehaimi has an extraordinary record of publications illustrating the mind of a true medical detective who is clearly on the cutting edge of medical research yet from this vantage  he is able to communicate to patients  in a compassionate and concerned manner  complex information'  ui admire dr jehaimi not only for his extensive medical knowledge but for the generosity with which he shares it with the healthtap community  he answers patients' questions thoughtfully and clearly and he'll take the time to include helpful  sometimes personalized details  u'i endorse dr jehaimi he provides an exceptional service to the public through the medical information and guidance he shares on avvocom it is clear that he has both a marked depth and breath of knowledge i learn a lot through his contributions'  u'excellent  well-thought  thorough answers that have helped my patients and also improved my knowledge clearly a competent and compassionate physician who i am proud to call a colleague!'  u'dr jehaimi is a very knowledgeable  caring physician who takes time to answer healthtap questions thoroughly  i appreciate his contributions  and highly recommend him'  u'fast  fantastic answers to often complex questions  truly an asset to the medical community a true national leader in pediatric endocrinology']
2756,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
2757,[ui would like to add my highest regards & recommendations to dr gowans  she is a thoroughly knowledgeable specialist  has a caring personality (as evidenced by her answers to several questions of emotional qualities)  & takes time to read other colleagues' responses to questions in different medical specialties this is what dedication as a doctor is all about  u'dr gowans communicates medical information with pin point precision while including comprehensive detail'  u'impressively smart specialist in pediatrics i value and trust her answers highly recommend']
2758,[u'dr ahdoot is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr ahdoot is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2759,[u'thanks for your valuable contributions'  u'very accurate answers']
2760,[u'thank you for bringing your expertise to health tap for both the patients and the doctors to benefit from !!!  i appreciate your advice!'  u'an excellent ent surgeon who provides succinct yet thorough and compassionate answers i would highly recommend dr gergits'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
2761,[u'a very knowledgeable dentist with excellent  thorough  to the point and articulate answers and advice'  u'great dds!!']
2762,[u'a great ophthalmologist! very knowledgeable in eye surgery  eye medicine  and many other areas of medicine also gives excellent answers a great resource on health tap highly recommend'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'highly recommend']
2763,[u'dr wachsman is an excellent  caring internist  his background in pharmacology and research make him an ideal consultant for difficult cases'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'insightful responses that addresses patients concerns clearly great doc!'  u'great answer!']
2764,[uhi doc:\r\ngood advice!!\r\ni've added your to my network and recommended you\r\ni would appreciate a return of the favor\r\ni'm an ent/omfs in sacramento  ca\r\nspecial interest tmj disorders\r\nthanks\r\nlouis gallia md  dmd  facs  u'i am very grateful to you for being part of the health tap community for the sake of both patients and doctors!'  u'top level retinal specialist!!! very professional and caring! i highly recommend dr saran'  u'west chester is lucky to have such a great doc!!']
2765,[u'i am grateful to drgrin for educating not only myself  but all of us here at healthtap about pain management  and  moreover  i am grateful to him for his openness to the effects of psychotherapy i have encountered many pain practitioners who devalue therapy as being unneeded  and that medication solves everything no so for dr grin  and i am relieved he is more forward thinking & collaborative!'  u'what a great guy  excellent physician  wonderful colleague and all around genius in the area of pain as well in a surprising range of other areas  i learn from him every day and have recommended that my own daughter read his information to help sort out her tmj  he does not hesitate to tackle any question and returns clear explanations of the most complex issues seasoned with true compassion'  u'dr grin is a wonderful colleague and physician he is knowledgeable in multiple areas not only in the scope of pain management his genuine compassion is evident not only in the way he cares for patients  but for the community of physicians here on healthtap as well we are all lucky to have him share his wisdom with us!'  u'i am endorsing dr grin he is providing an excellent service to the public on healthtap the medical information  dr grin provides is accurate & understandable dr grin is clearly very knowledgeable about pain management and medicine in general'  uhave been reading dr grin's responses and have been impressed with his lucid explanations of issues that are difficult to explain to non-medical personnel he is thorough  concise  and provides excellent advice  u'i highly endorse dr paul grin as a healthtap and healthtap prime as an expert his commentaries and clinical insights are astute and educational to both patients and physicians he is an asset to our community']
2766,[u'excellent analysis and  answers with latest information']
2767,[u'i endorse dr weisman board certified in neurology  behavioral neurology & neuropsychiatry - he brings a vast wealth of knowledge to healthtap the information he provides  is cutting edge  accurate and understandable  dr weisman is providing an invaluable service to the public via healthtap'  u'eric is one of the most brilliant and talented neurologists that i have had the pleasure of collaborating with in my functional integrated medicine practice   he is beautifully trained  and is extremely skilled  i recommend him without reservation'  uit is a pleasure to read dr weisman's responses he comes to healthtap with an impressive background in more than just medicine he is extremely well rounded his answers are poignant and straight-forward i recommend him highly  u'gives great answers to patients and collaborates generously and effectively with colleagues personable and easily approachable by one and all we are lucky to have him here!'  u'your dedication and commitment to providing quality health consultation on healthtap is greatly admired and a true benefit to your patients'  u'impressive and clearly caring specialist with a great skill for teaching those of us  who can only stand in the shadow of neurologists']
2768,[u'dr gabor  has an outstanding knowledge base of both diagnostic radiology and of medicine in general (across the board)  he is providing a valuable service to the public via healthtap i endorse dr gabor'  u'dr michael gabor is an excellent physician  very knowledgeable passionate  and on the top of his field he is a great value to the people of ny  and to the family of health tap'  u'dr gabor is a very knowledgeable and compassionate doctor always enjoy reading his insightful answers highly recommended'  u'understandable answers  educates us all both patients and doctors alike  generous and collaborative recommended to all!'  u'dr gabor has been an excellent consultant and is a great asset to thr healthtap prime physician community'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
2769,[u'dr dang is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr dang is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2770,[ui've had the privilege of reviewing many of dr arnoult's responses to questions which touch the fields of not only family medicine but other areas of specialization her responses are clear  firm  and accurate  i am in full agreement with my colleagues who find her responsive style of the highest quality & in line with what patients in this modern day are looking for in their doctors  u'i have known dr arnoult for many years since we both had our practices here in chambersburg pa i know for a fact that her patients loved her and had great respect for her because of her knowledge and dedication patient care always came first  very respected by her medical colleagues as well the community is very fortunate to have her here she is highly recommended!'  u'i highly endorse dr susan arnoult as an expert on healthtap and healthtap prime her comments are astute and educational for both patients and physicians alike she is an asset to the healthtap community'  u'dr arnoult is a calm and caring family physician with a wide knowledge base and consistent presence on healthtap  it is a pleasure to read her responses  her online bedside manner is admirable'  u'i endorse dr arnoult she is a power house of knowledge she provides sensible  accurate & compassionate input she is providing a great public service via healthtap'  u'dr arnoult is a knowledgable  caring doctor working for the care of the whole patient in a balanced and professional manner her dedication is inspiring']
2771,[u'dr nefcy is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr nefcy is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2772,[u'dr keener is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr keener is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2773,[u'i have been impressed with dr minich pointed answers with knowledge  depth  wit  and kindness so  i highly recommend her to anyone looking for care / service from her specialty without reservation \r\n\r\n(james) chin-ti lin  md'  u'dr minich is a dedicated doctor  who has been actively answering complex medical questions with compassion  and insight she provides practical and solutions  and recommendations for patients great healthteam expert'  u'i highly endorse dr diane mimich as an expert in her field and as an asset to the healthtap community of experts she is knowledgeable  insightful and empathetic i think that she is an asset  to our physician panel'  u'i have learned a great deal from dr minich here on healthtap and have learned a great deal from her thoughtful  expert  and helpful answers to her patients i look forward to learning more from her!'  u'i recommend dr minich she is providing a valuable service to the public via healthtap she provides sensible  accurate and respectful input i endorse dr minich'  u'dr minich is an extremely knowledgeable physician who obviously care greatly for her patients and their health she is a terrific asset to the healthtap community!']
2774,[u'great dentist!!!']
2775,[u'dr colville is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr colville is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2776,[u'dr gofeld is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr gofeld is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2777,[ui have been reading & learning from dr ferguson's healthtap input for a number of months he is clearly very knowledgeable about pediatrics  infectious disease & a medicine in general the information he provides is balanced  accurate & always right on target  he has earned my respect  he is providing an excellent service to the public via health tap  i recommend dr ferguson  u'dr ferguson knows how to talk to kids and to parents as well  which is to say he is an expert in his field with effective execution  combined with warm bedside manner in caring for his anxious youthful patients  as well as their even more nervous parents bravo  dr ferguson!!! we learn much from you here on healthtap!'  ui am recommending dr ferguson for a 2nd time because he shares his compregensive knowledge of pediatrics in a straightforward  casual but authorative style also  he doesn't seem to mind comments from an aging feminist with a quirky point of view  u'highly knowledgeable and well respected has helped so many patients on health tap and in practice a treasure\r\nhighly recommend'  u'dr  ferguson has a vast fund of knowledge that allows for effectively contributing to this online community of health'  u'dr ferguson is an extremely well-informed physician  and his answers are wise and helpful  thanks  dr ferguson!']
2778,[u'i have been impressed with dr minich pointed answers with knowledge  depth  wit  and kindness so  i highly recommend her to anyone looking for care / service from her specialty without reservation \r\n\r\n(james) chin-ti lin  md'  u'dr minich is a dedicated doctor  who has been actively answering complex medical questions with compassion  and insight she provides practical and solutions  and recommendations for patients great healthteam expert'  u'i highly endorse dr diane mimich as an expert in her field and as an asset to the healthtap community of experts she is knowledgeable  insightful and empathetic i think that she is an asset  to our physician panel'  u'i have learned a great deal from dr minich here on healthtap and have learned a great deal from her thoughtful  expert  and helpful answers to her patients i look forward to learning more from her!'  u'i recommend dr minich she is providing a valuable service to the public via healthtap she provides sensible  accurate and respectful input i endorse dr minich'  u'dr minich is an extremely knowledgeable physician who obviously care greatly for her patients and their health she is a terrific asset to the healthtap community!']
2779,[u'dr goussous is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr goussous is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2780,[u'he is an experienced and very knowledgable endocrinologist'  u'very accurate and timely responses'  u'very practical  useful answers']
2781,[u'dr marcus is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr marcus is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2782,[u'dr newman provides knowledgable and concise responses that are to the point  yet empathic i highly recommend him'  u'very thoughtful ob with a great approach to the person  not just the case'  u'nice answers  appears to be caring']
2783,[u'i endorse dr grossman his contributions to avvo are excellent dr lynann mastaj']
2784,[u'i am grateful to drgrin for educating not only myself  but all of us here at healthtap about pain management  and  moreover  i am grateful to him for his openness to the effects of psychotherapy i have encountered many pain practitioners who devalue therapy as being unneeded  and that medication solves everything no so for dr grin  and i am relieved he is more forward thinking & collaborative!'  u'what a great guy  excellent physician  wonderful colleague and all around genius in the area of pain as well in a surprising range of other areas  i learn from him every day and have recommended that my own daughter read his information to help sort out her tmj  he does not hesitate to tackle any question and returns clear explanations of the most complex issues seasoned with true compassion'  u'dr grin is a wonderful colleague and physician he is knowledgeable in multiple areas not only in the scope of pain management his genuine compassion is evident not only in the way he cares for patients  but for the community of physicians here on healthtap as well we are all lucky to have him share his wisdom with us!'  u'i am endorsing dr grin he is providing an excellent service to the public on healthtap the medical information  dr grin provides is accurate & understandable dr grin is clearly very knowledgeable about pain management and medicine in general'  uhave been reading dr grin's responses and have been impressed with his lucid explanations of issues that are difficult to explain to non-medical personnel he is thorough  concise  and provides excellent advice  u'i highly endorse dr paul grin as a healthtap and healthtap prime as an expert his commentaries and clinical insights are astute and educational to both patients and physicians he is an asset to our community']
2785,[udr belilovsky's posts are always thought provoking  one can truly see the commitment and passion to medicine  keep the great answers coming  u'he is knowldegeable about  bow legs  postpartum depression  child health he is an asset to the health care community on health tap'  u'hi doc:\r\ngreat virtual practice!!\r\nlouis gallia md  dmd  facs'  u'good answers  provide helpful feedback'  u'timely and precise answers'  u'helpful  caring answers']
2786,[u'dr howard schneider is one of the leading pediatric dentists on long island  from the minute you walk in the door  you can tell that he is totally dedicated to patient comfort and the best possible care for your children dr schneider pays close attention to the details  he goes far above and beyond with continuing education i have a great deal of respect for him and recommend him highly'  u'dr howard schneider is accurate and succinct in his answers his background and experience clearly shines! dr don e millner magd ficoi'  u'top notch pediatric dentist with a wide range of knowledge  highly recommend'  u'a very knowledgeable and dedicated pediatric dentist'  u'great dentist!!!']
2787,[u'dr freitag is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr freitag is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2788,[u'great answers!'  u'great doc!!']
2789,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
2790,[u'dr accurso provides a wonderful resource to patients & other doctors with his informational & caring accurate answers and personal style i trust him'  u'dr accurso is doing a fabulous job help not only the patients but fellow doctors!  i am so grateful for you!'  u'as a fellow radiologist i appreciate (and learn from) the excellent posts by dr accurso'  u'timely accurate answers  very happy he is answering questions on healthtap'  u'i enjoy learning from dr accurso---a welcome addition to healthtap']
2791,[u'dr desai is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr desai is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2792,[u'love the answers he has given! keep up the great job!']
2793,[uexcellent answers and quick responses with very helpful and thoughtful information offered to patient's questions  u'top doctor']
2794,[u'dr turrisi is a world leader in the field of radiation oncology  and has invented the standard of care in the treatment of many disease  most famously small cell lung cancer one of my greatest professional regrets is that i failed to convince him to serve as chairman of our department'  u'a renaissance man and physician loquacious with content and humor and a scholar of lung cancer and medicine in general'  u'detroit is lucky to have such a good doc!'  u'an excellent physicain'  u'excellent physician!']
2795,[u'dr hakimi is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr hakimi is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2796,[u'dr vafai is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2797,[u'dr scantlebury is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr scantlebury is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2798,[u'the words wildly talented clearly apply to dr rao i find him to be world class in his work and highly personable with great bedside manner i recommend him vigorously to both colleagues and patients alike on healthtap!'  udr rao has an incredible knowledge of general medicine in addition to his speciality of surgery  his thoughtful answers reveal a knowledgeable and caring physician i value dr rao's contributions on health tap  u'i fully recommend dr rao to anyone needing his help as he has provided wonderful answers and seems to care deeply about his field of medicine  great physician and colleague!'  u'dr rao provides an outstanding public service on healthtap dr rao is very knowledgable about general surgery and medicine in general i recommend dr rao'  u'i appreciate dr rao  caring knowledgeable help to both the patients and doctors alike on healthtap  thank you dr rao!'  u'recognized eminence  dr rao has helped tons of people get better through his thoughtful answers and wise advice']
2799,[u'dr goren is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr goren is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2800,[udr adberg's answers are thought provoking  thorough  and accurate  she is a great asset to the healthtap network of physicians!]
2801,[u'the words wildly talented clearly apply to dr rao i find him to be world class in his work and highly personable with great bedside manner i recommend him vigorously to both colleagues and patients alike on healthtap!'  udr rao has an incredible knowledge of general medicine in addition to his speciality of surgery  his thoughtful answers reveal a knowledgeable and caring physician i value dr rao's contributions on health tap  u'i fully recommend dr rao to anyone needing his help as he has provided wonderful answers and seems to care deeply about his field of medicine  great physician and colleague!'  u'dr rao provides an outstanding public service on healthtap dr rao is very knowledgable about general surgery and medicine in general i recommend dr rao'  u'i appreciate dr rao  caring knowledgeable help to both the patients and doctors alike on healthtap  thank you dr rao!'  u'recognized eminence  dr rao has helped tons of people get better through his thoughtful answers and wise advice']
2802,[u'i have been a patient of dr lee for 25+ years cannot say enough good things!!'  u'dr lee is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr lee is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'excellent doc :)']
2803,[u'a very knowledgeable dentist with excellent  thorough  to the point and articulate answers and advice'  u'great dds!!']
2804,[u'i have been impressed with dr minich pointed answers with knowledge  depth  wit  and kindness so  i highly recommend her to anyone looking for care / service from her specialty without reservation \r\n\r\n(james) chin-ti lin  md'  u'dr minich is a dedicated doctor  who has been actively answering complex medical questions with compassion  and insight she provides practical and solutions  and recommendations for patients great healthteam expert'  u'i highly endorse dr diane mimich as an expert in her field and as an asset to the healthtap community of experts she is knowledgeable  insightful and empathetic i think that she is an asset  to our physician panel'  u'i have learned a great deal from dr minich here on healthtap and have learned a great deal from her thoughtful  expert  and helpful answers to her patients i look forward to learning more from her!'  u'i recommend dr minich she is providing a valuable service to the public via healthtap she provides sensible  accurate and respectful input i endorse dr minich'  u'dr minich is an extremely knowledgeable physician who obviously care greatly for her patients and their health she is a terrific asset to the healthtap community!']
2805,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
2806,[u'great responses recommend highly!\r\ndr ali']
2807,[u'dr stastny enjoys his profession and helping patients'  u'great oral surgeon']
2808,[u'i endorse dr weisman board certified in neurology  behavioral neurology & neuropsychiatry - he brings a vast wealth of knowledge to healthtap the information he provides  is cutting edge  accurate and understandable  dr weisman is providing an invaluable service to the public via healthtap'  u'eric is one of the most brilliant and talented neurologists that i have had the pleasure of collaborating with in my functional integrated medicine practice   he is beautifully trained  and is extremely skilled  i recommend him without reservation'  uit is a pleasure to read dr weisman's responses he comes to healthtap with an impressive background in more than just medicine he is extremely well rounded his answers are poignant and straight-forward i recommend him highly  u'gives great answers to patients and collaborates generously and effectively with colleagues personable and easily approachable by one and all we are lucky to have him here!'  u'your dedication and commitment to providing quality health consultation on healthtap is greatly admired and a true benefit to your patients'  u'impressive and clearly caring specialist with a great skill for teaching those of us  who can only stand in the shadow of neurologists']
2809,[u'dr block is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr block is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2810,[u'dr sarle is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr sarle is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2811,[u'dr sung clearly has significant expertise in podiatry  he is providing a great service to the public on health tap i recommend dr sung'  u'dr sung is a great podiatrist and you can count on him for accurate diagnosis and treatment options for all foot and ankle problems!'  u'very thoughtful  intelligent  kind  respected expert\r\ni highly recommend him'  u'highly recommended excellent  concise  and timely answers!'  u'excellent posts and always educational'  u'great timely responses']
2812,[u'great doctor and is very kind and caring'  u'great dentist!!']
2813,[u'dr dean has the right vision as a holistic dentist i highly recommend him'  u'dr ward gives thoughtful and well informed answers'  u'great answers  thank you']
2814,[u'great answers  precise & thorough!'  u'i recommend this physician'  u'thanks for the input']
2815,[u'dr mumneh is providing an outstanding service to the public through healthtap she is clearly very knowledgeable about internal medicine  allergy  immunology & medicine in general i endorse dr mumneh'  u'dr nayla z mumneh is an excellent physician very knowledgeable passionate and on the top of his field he is a great value to the peolpe of nj and to the family of health tap'  u'is an expert in hereditary angioedema  allergic rhinitis  chronic sinusitis  runny nose  stuffed nose and has been a valuable asset on health tap to its members and community'  u'communicative and knowledgeable he would be an excellent source of care for any patient with allergies or problems with the immune system'  u'i highly endorse dr mumneh as an expert on the hhealthtap and healthtap prime networks his comment are both astute and educational'  u'nayla provides useful and practical content for a wide variety of questions']
2816,[u'i endorse this dentist dr rosen is so nice and his staff is very friendly i highly recommend his office!'  u'very accurate answers and knowledgeable   great doctor to follow'  u'i endorse this dentist'  u'i endorse this dentist']
2817,[u'dr khaliq is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr khaliq is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2818,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'great responses accurate']
2819,[u'dr coulter-smith is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr coulter-smith is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2820,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
2821,[uwe both share the idea that holistic medicine and mainstream medicine have a lot to learn from each other i believe most if not all holistic medicine approaches are hundred of years older than western medicine and either just as effective and in many situations more effective just because we may not know how something works doesn't mean we discard it\r\nwe need dr that think outside of the box!  udr baker provides wonderfully on-target answers and resources on healthtap  i'm grateful to him for his insights  and also inspired by all the reading and learning he clearly does to help his patients  thanks  dr baker!  udr baker offers timely  accurate and pertinent holistic medical advice that truly takes into account the patient's welfare  and health am very impressed with his thoroughness  u'dr baker is an outstanding physician practicing medicine as it should be practiced by combining the best of all systems of medicine in order to treat the whole patient'  u'it is my pleasure to recommend dr baker for his expertise in herbal supplements  lyme disease  vegetarian diet  vitamin c  ascorbic acid and holistic medicine'  u'dr baker has a  vast knowledge about holistic medicine i learn a great deal from reading the information he provides on healthtap i recommend dr baker']
2822,[u'great responses recommend highly']
2823,[u'dr ali is extremely knowledgeable  his answers always provide a wealth of resources and accurate information his expertise in medicine and psychiatry together with his compassionate clinical excellence  give the best standard of ethics and care to health tap i highly recommend dr ali'  udr ali is always ready to jump in and help patients on healthtap! he's highly knowledgeable and shares his expertise generously i imagine his own patients consider him kind and approachable  and that they feel lucky to have him in their corner  udr ali is easily one of the most ubiquitous presences on healthtap -- sharing his huge breadth of knowledge  wisdom  and wit  i've learned a great deal from him  and am grateful for his presence here  thanks  dr ali!  u'i always see dr ali online giving expert advice on fear of heights  bipolar disorder  panic attacks  borderline personality disorder  adderall he also reviews apps and is a major contributer to the health tap community'  u'i recommend dr ali for his dedication to healthtap  his clinical judgment  his fund of knowledge and his empathic interaction with those asking questions he is an excellent clinician who responses can be trusted'  u'dr ali gives superb advice in so many different areas apart from his excellent answers to just about all branches of psychiatry i have personally learned much from and am very thankful to him']
2824,[u'i do recommend dr anyanwu with no reservation  to anyone seeking for a caring  comprehensive care from his specialty because i have been impressed with his pointed answers to inquiry with knowledge  wit  and kindness\r\n\r\nso  see him whenever you may need his service\r\n\r\n(james) chin-ti lin\r\nwwwformefirstcom'  u'dr jovita anyanwu is an excellent diagnostician and a caring physician  this is evident in her clear  concise  and knowledgeable patient responses  her tip tap contributions are also very informative  i am pleased to serve with dr anyanwu as a colleague on healthtap'  u'dr anyanwu has been an excellent addition to the healthtap team her answers show experienced clinical judgment and are clear and to the point i recommend her without reservation d jacobson  md'  u'dr anyanwu has consistently shown thoughtful and useful advise to patients in his interactions he is an expert in his field \r\n\r\ni highly recommend him for your health care needs !'  u'i recommend dr anyanwu i look forward to reading the information she shares on healthtap she provides accurate  clear & compassionate responses i endorse dr anyanwu'  u'patient with all his answers despite questions that may seem trivial and unnecessary knowledgeable and kind in his replies to all questions thank you dr jovita']
2825,[u'your answer was very helpful! thanks :)'  u'this made me feel good thanks!'  u'thank you very much for answering my question i appreciate it'  u'your answer was very helpful! thanks :)'  u'thank you  your answer was very helpful!'  u'your answer was very helpful! thanks :)']
2826,[u'i find dr machanic to be a distinguished  caring  compassionate  and dedicated neurologist specializing in such difficult  complex cases i feel lucky to know him thru the healthtap network  as he has helped so many patients i am glad to meet him  and hope to continue our professional dialogue together  and learn from his vast knowledge base excellent advice given!'  u'dr machanic is a phenomenal asset to healthtap his recommendations are spot-on and his years of experience certainly shines through i even find myself learning from his knowledge in the field of neurology thanks for your contribution!'  u'dr machanic represents one of the most accomplished professionals in our network at healthtapcom his answers are extremely valuable for users and professionals equally  and his opinion is regarded with admiration to his excellence'  u'i have the pleasure of knowing dr machanic professionally and personally he is a caring physician  a wellspring of knowledge  and a funny guy! he provides valuable wisdom  information and perspective in the neurology community'  u'dr bennett machanic is a highly trained and expert neurologist who gives very good expert clinical opinions i highly recommend dr machanic to anyone who is seeking a consultation with a neurologist thank you dr machanic'  u'dr machanic provided a thoughtful response to a curbside consult on cidp  his willingness to help out with a clinical question is very much appreciated thank you  dr machanic!']
2827,[u'i recommend you as a well know expert in your field\r\ndr jakavick would recommend this dr to all who seek their expertise'  u'professional  knowledgeable  served our veterans very well in his career'  u'dr wright ia an asset to health tap   a renowned   thoracic surgeon  '  u'experienced and knowledgeable  generously shares both on healthtap'  u'provides precise and comprehensive answers to difficult questions'  u'a truly  wonderful and compassionate doctor']
2828,[u'dr goussous is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr goussous is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2829,[u'recommend dr munshower with the highest accolades  his answers on health tap are thoughtful  caring and scientifically accurate  he possesses the ability to answer patients questions intelligently while at the same time providing excellent health education and informing patients in a thoughtful manner  the highest recommendation'  umost people spend more time shopping for a new car than they select a physician it's important to find a physician you trust and feel comfortable with dr john c munshower is the only one you need to know he is a human being who cares about people  i'm really learning a lot from him highly recommended  ui see many of dr munshower's patients  i hear from them over and over how much they enjoy having him for their primary care doctor and that they think they are receiving excellent care from him  u'i fully recommend dr munshower to anyone needing his help as he seems to care deeply about his field of family medicine great physician and colleague and asset to the community at healthtap!'  u'dr john munshower is a knowledgeable  experienced  and caring physician  his responses are clear  concise  and practical  i am pleased to have dr munshower as a colleague on healthtap!'  udr munshower provides excellent  concise  accurate recommendations to patients' questions  that are well meaningful and relevant i value his contributions to the health tap forum]
2830,[u'i strongly recommend dr frank amico to patients seeking care he is such a dedicated physician and impressive interventional cardiologist  who really cares about his patients he is passionate about his work & saving livesplus  he has a great sense of humor & knows how to make a patient feel relaxed & comforted with his compassion his vast knowledge & skills make him a true asset in healthtap'  u'i highly endorse dr frank amico as an expert on healthtap and healthtap prime his clinical insigts and comments are astutue and educational for both patients and physicians alike he is an asset to the healthtap community of experts'  u'i learned a great deal from dr amico clearly an expert in his field  with excellent  humane bedside manner works and collaborates equally effectively with both patients and colleagues healthtap is lucky to have him!'  u'dr amico is one of the best and most thorough physicians around i highly recommend him for any and all of your health needs and questions'  u'i endorse dr amico he is clearly a knowledgeable internist and is providing a valuable service to the public via healthtap'  u'an insightful physician whose answers are always on point']
2831,[u'very knowledgeable dentist with consistently thorough  to the point and articulate answers and advice!'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'excellent dentist highly recommend']
2832,[udr bolding is a leader in the field of facial reconstruction and the treatment of tmj\r\nhis patient relationships exemplify his caring and compassionate attitude  we care for many trauma patients together and i'm always appreciative when dr bolding is on call with me]
2833,[udr sneid's presence is so important on healthtap  as there are many endocrine related disorders discussed he's an expert providing relevant  and timely answers to an audience (patients)  who needs his help  and recommendations his advice has been accurate  concise  and helpful  u'dr david sneid is an excellent endocrinologist and clinician his responses are detailed and brimming with medical knowledge across multiple specialties dr sneid is also kind and caring i am happy to  have him as my colleague on healthtap!'  u'dr sneid has consistently shown thoughtful and useful advise to patients in his interactions he is an expert in his field i highly recommend him for your health care needs !'  u'dr sneid provides an excellent service to the public through health  tap his responses have just  the right degree of humor  accuracy and information  i recommend dr sneid'  u'very knowledgeable physician with a terrific  direct and down to earth approach to patient concerns  honored to work with him here at healthtap!'  u'excellent answers to difficult questions that provide understanding for the patients and for the physicians outside this area of practice']
2834,[u'dr connor is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr connor is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2835,[u'dr yoon is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2836,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
2837,[u'dr kass has consistently shown thoughtful and useful advise to patients in his interactions he is an expert in his field i highly recommend him for your health care needs !'  u'i asked him a question as a colleague and he was prompt to reply with advise  it shows he is committed and really cares'  u'i recommend this doctor  very insightful and i learn something new from these answers'  u'excellent doctor with diagnosis  treatment  surgery with excellent bedside manor'  u'dr kass provides excellent information on podiatry to the public via healthtap'  u'intelligent  accurate  kind answers\r\nhighly recommend']
2838,[u'doctor howard spector is a leader in his field  he is a progressive orthodontist practicing most current clinical techniques he has treated for decades children and adults  making the most complex cases seem simple he clearly understands orthodontic treatment can be individual or require to be a part of a team  especially with complex cases he is an excellent practitioner'  u'i endorse dr spector  he is a leading dentist in our area and very well established lynann mastaj  dmd']
2839,[u'dr kattuah  has some wonderfully succinct and accurate answers  i highly recommend him  dr don e millner'  u'very knowledgeable with excellent  thorough  to the point  answers and advice'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
2840,[u'dr yousry is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr yousry is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2841,[uwhat a delight it is to read dr friedlander's posts he is direct and his advice is personalized clearly he's kind as he tells it like it is  without waffling while doing so  he also recognizes full well that we all deserve respect  frankness  and honesty when dosing out wisdom  whether to patients  the public  or his peers  u'very knowledgeable and capable of conveying his thoughts in a very clear way uncommon gift of empathy for those asking the questions  yet answers directly and unhesitatingly it is a pleasure to read his responses and to learn from him for a pathologist i find him refreshingly conversant with the living!'  u'dr friedlander is an excellent physician who really knows what he is talking about i am sincerely happy to be in connection with him on healthtap i highly recommend dr friedlander: his straightforward excellent answers are a great resource both to patients & drs thank you dr friedlander !'  u'dr friedlander is an extremely knowledgeable physician who continually gives superb advice on an incredible range of medical conditions hi9s answers are always accurate & totally reliable we are very fortunate to have him as a colleague on healthtap'  u'as a former student of dr friedlander i can say that he is quite brilliant and very quick with often very insightful and helpful witticisms  he has a great love of medicine and  i believe  an even greater love of teaching medicine to others'  u'a very knowledgable individual i had the privilege of attending his pathology course as a medical student in kansas city  mo i have appreciated his contribution to my education and value the solid core foundation he contributed in providing']
2842,[u'dr hammond is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr hammond is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2843,[u'dr harris is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr harris is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2844,[u'dr joe woods is reliably well informed with superb knowledge base  and able to parse very complex situations into easy understandable directives highly recommended ! ed seegers md  facp'  u'strongly recommended great posts for patients and thorough  attentive answers to practitioners alike knowledgeable  attentive  enthusiastic!'  u'i highly recommend dr woods even other experts learn from his answers'  uanswers patient's questions in a timely manner  very knowledgeable!  u'excellent responses to questions and very supportive of patients'  u'excellent pathologist! great asset to healthtap!']
2845,[u'dr joe woods is reliably well informed with superb knowledge base  and able to parse very complex situations into easy understandable directives highly recommended ! ed seegers md  facp'  u'strongly recommended great posts for patients and thorough  attentive answers to practitioners alike knowledgeable  attentive  enthusiastic!'  u'i highly recommend dr woods even other experts learn from his answers'  uanswers patient's questions in a timely manner  very knowledgeable!  u'excellent responses to questions and very supportive of patients'  u'excellent pathologist! great asset to healthtap!']
2846,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
2847,[u'dr ariyo is great physician  she is caring and very knowledgeable in the field of internal medicine  she has great bedside manners and is empathetic i had the pleasure of working with her while we were both practicing at emory  i would send my family to her if i could  i highly recommend her!'  ui'm delighted to see dr ariyo as a new internist on healthtap  she holds a wide knowledge base regarding conditions relevant to our healthtap community]
2848,[u'excellent healthtap physician with educated  thoughtful  precise and in-depth answers  great bedside manner  highly recommend'  u'dr lawson is a very knowledgeable and compassionate doctor always enjoy reading her insightful answers highly recommended'  u'very expert responses']
2849,[u'very knowledgable doctor   great answers and a great doctor to follow!'  u'great dentist!!']
2850,[u'dr khan has provided great answers to difficult questions he has also been supportive  helpful  and a wonderful health tap physician  who takes to time to  help new doctors with the platform he is a wealth of knowledge  and great clinical information great job!'  u'dr qamar khan offers great responses on healthtap he is very good at his craft and his knowledge comes through clearly and succinctly it is great to have such an active pain management doc on healthtap we will all be enriched by his responses'  u'excellent well thought out answers an excellent resource for patients and an asset to healthtap anybody who takes their personal time  to answer patient questions and does so without anything in return is fine by me'  udr khan consistently answers challenging questions with knowledge   patience and compassion it's a great privilege to be his colleague here on healthtap i highly recommend dr khan  ui have just reviewed several of dr khan's answers and from what i 've seen they have all been thoughtful  concise without being glib  in plain language  and they answer the question!  u'dr kahn is very knowledgeable  thoughtful and answers complex questions in a straightforward easily understandable manner  he is an outstanding asset to the healthtap community']
2851,[u'our current aafp president  if this md has the trust of the majority of fm doctors in the nationyou can trust him with his answers  thank you for your leadership  to the future of dpc:)am sure will have future discussions with you and dr forrest'  u'i was taught by dr blackwelder in medical school and still remember his words of wisdom and his love of family medicine and wellness'  u'a fantastic and dedicated physician great answers and very helpful! thank you!'  u'helpful  experienced physician who offers great answers on healthtap!'  u'excellent doctor and an asset to healthtap'  u'gives good medical advice and is caring']
2852,[u'dr to is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr to is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2853,[u'with an abundance of experience  keen insight  razor sharp mind and unquestionable compassion   dr zimon contributes a wealth of information to enhance the knowledge of patients and doctors  he shares the perspective of one who has seen the science of medicine completely change over the years and the foresight of one who can take these years of science and predict what is coming'  u'dr zimon clearly know his stuff and shares openly with both colleagues and patients alike we are fortunate to have him here on healthtap!'  u'i endorse dr zimon  with a keen knowledge of internal medicine  he is providing an excellent service to the public via healthtap'  u'great answers from a clinician with a wealth of experience and expressed with an unmistakable passion for his patients welfare'  u'offers insightful advice and knowledge from one who is well founded and experienced in medicine'  u'experience  knowledge and keen insight']
2854,[u'dr fishman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr fishman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2855,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
2856,[ucan't pee had cancer on left kidney now it's gone what's making me not pee  u'dr bee is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr bee is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'i accidentally clicked 4 stars  i meant to click 5  sorry!']
2857,[u'dr sheskier is an excellent foot and ankle surgeon both his diagnostic and operative skills are outstanding!'  u'pleasure to know you'  u'']
2858,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
2859,[u'well trained  experienced  empathetic psychiatrist\r\nresponses are well thought out and make common sense reflective of his basic medical training in france'  u'thank you for being a part of the health tap community for the benefit of doctors and patients alike!']
2860,[usmart  accomplished  and helpful  you can't go wrong with dr bluman!]
2861,[u'gotta love that caring attitude!  his joy is contagious!']
2862,[u'helpful  timely  accurate answers  a great addition to healthtap'  u'i highly recommend dr harwood for his expertise and knowledge'  u'he is an extremely gifted surgeon'  u'excellent addition to healthtap'  u'i recommend this physician']
2863,[u'dr chang is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr chang is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2864,[u'dr king is leader in the field of phlebology   and has contributed significant original research to forward our understanding of the field dr king is knowledgeable   caring dedicated good humored and much more dr king embodies the best attributes of a physician and surgeon'  u'dr king stands amongst the best in the field of phlebology he is a compassionate  trustworthy  dedicated and competent physician'  ualways excellent trustworthy and well written meaningful answers to patient's questions an wonderful physician asset on this site  u'dr king is a most professional   knowledgable and caring physician who deserves great respect\ndr marsha davis'  u'dr king is a well-respected authority on the treatment of chronic venous disease'  u'intelligent  respected expert in phlebology and other areas\r\nhighly recommend']
2865,[u'thank you  your answer was very helpful! will get checked thank you!'  u'your answer was very helpful! thanks :)'  u'your answer made me feel good! thanks :)'  u'your answer made me feel good! thanks :)'  u'this was very helpful thanks!'  u'this was very helpful thanks!']
2866,[u'thanks for your contribution at health tap'  u'very knowlageble great caring doctor'  u'very accurate and timely answers']
2867,[udr malerman is an invaluable resource for his thorough  sound advice  he has mastered the art of dispensing a large amount of wisdom in 400 words  as he says medical docs don't know much about matters in front of the tonsils  and i learn so much from his posts!  he also is not shy about reinforcing the wisdom of his peers in both the medical and dental profession  u'dr malerman is not only an expert in his field but knows a lot about everything!  he is a welcomed asset to healthtap and a great patient advocate  highly recommended'  u'dr malerman has consistently shown thoughtful and useful advise to patients in his interactions  i highly recommend him for your orthodontic needs !'  udr malerman provides informative  to-the-point responses on healthtap  he's clearly a knowledgeable and caring orthodontist  u'dr  malerman has a vast fund of knowledge that allows for effectively contributing to this online community of health'  u'dr malerman answers truthfully  understandably and is a fountain of vast dental knowledge i doff my hat to him']
2868,[u'dr huffman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr huffman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2869,[u'dr cohen is a phenomenal doctor!  i heartily recommend him  he is extremely experienced  intelligent and has a vast command of medical knowledge'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'i recommend this physician']
2870,[u'dr southard answers questions in a very succinct and thoughtful manner he has an obvious depth of knowledge that would benefit any patient'  u'patient  compassionate  encouraging  and obviously enjoys teaching medicine with clear explanations very highly recommend this physician'  u'highly recommend']
2871,[u'dr shah is providing an excellent service to the public via healthtap he is clearly a very knowledgeable  dermatologist i endorse dr shah'  u'dr shah is a dedicated physician educator who had contributed tremendously to patients on healthtap!']
2872,[u'dr chan hwang is an excellent physician  whose compassion and care is demonstrated by his thoughtful answers given to patients his broad range of expertise in areas outside of physiatry is invaluable in adding further weight to his clinical acumen  in providing advice to so many patients  he is serving  and helping at such a high level as a health tap physician  and medical consultant'  u'dr hwang is providing an excellent service to the public via healthtap i endorse dr hwang'  u'dr hwang is compassionate and holistic what a wonderful combination!'  u'excellent pm&r doctor great advice on medical issues']
2873,[u'highly recommend dr honore  his answers are extremely thoughtful and he provides an extensive amount of education in his answers  would definitely seek his advice for obstetrics  gynecology  infertility and reproductive endocrinology  exceptional physician'  u'accurate common-sense responses to some difficult questions makes this physician a valuable source of information on healthtap  he appears not only to have an extensive knowledge base but indicates empathy for the problems confronting his questioners'  u'dr honore provides an exceptional public service on healthtap he is extremely knowledgable about fertility his responses are mindful  clear  helpful and accurate i learn alot from the information he provides i recommend dr  honore'  u'dr honore is an excellent and experienced physician who i have personally known since 1999 and we were partners at uthscsa i recommend him without reservations'  u'i have worked with dr honore for at least 10 years and can say without reservations that he is outstanding with his bedside manor and his surgical ability!'  u'a caring  accomplished professional  whose answer are accurate and timely  for the couple in stressful situation highly recommend dr honore!']
2874,[u'dr mata is a welcomed addition to the avvo community  her answers are well thought out which shows she takes time to provide truly valuable education and insight to her patients  i endorse and recommend dr felicia mata and wish her all the best'  ui endorse dr mata  it's quite apparent that she cares about the quality of her treatment and the well being of her patients it's also evident that she spends a great deal of time educating her patients and stresses preventative care  u'i  would like to endorse dr mata and welcome her to the avvocom community she is providing a public service by providing timely  acurate and insightful information on dental and medical matters'  u'i endorse this dentist dr mata is a very good and professional dentist i would strongly recommend her to anyone!'  u'very thorough & accurate impressive indeed!'  u'great dentist in downtown chicago']
2875,[u'his answers are thoughtful  correct & show great insight'  u'exc doc']
2876,[u'dr monti is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr monti is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'highly knowledgable doc']
2877,[u'drezeokoli has my highest recommendation for her dedication and compassionate work in her field of internal medicine her contribution to the field of medicine and healing comes across instantly as simple yet informative  powerful yet reassuring  calming and above all  sincere and practical'  u'i recommend dr adeshola ezeokoli she is a kind knowledgeable doctor her expertise will help a lot of patient'  u'a bright  compassionate specialist in internal medicine highly recommend']
2878,[u'dr franz is a well-rounded physician who offers practical  helpful suggestions  she is knowledgeable in both conventional and integrative treatments  and is a real boon to healthtap  thank you  dr franz!'  u'dr franz provides an exceptional public service on healthtap she clearly has both breath and depth of knowledge in pediatrics and many other areas in medicine i recommend dr  franz'  u'wonderful physician! great to have such a knowledgeable and open minded voice in the field of pediatrics'  ubest peds doc ever!  thanks for taking such good care of florida's kids!  uanswers patient's questions in a timely manner  very knowledgeable!  u'wow consider yourself fortunate to find such a caring physician']
2879,[u'dr chen provides an exceptional public service on healthtap he is clearly extremely knowledgable about neurosurgery i learn from reading the information he presents on health tap i recommend dr chen'  uhas always taken time for me when i've called to request help off him  has always treated me as a respected colleague and i'm grateful to know he's there for me should my patients' needs arisenn  u'dr chen provides articulate  helpful answers about complicated neurosurgical/neurological topics  he writes calmly and respectfully too  thank you  dr chen!'  u'thank you dr chen for sharing your expertise with all of us  i appreciate very much'  ui appreciate dr chen's cogent and accurate advice much to learn from him  u'clearly a very knowledgeable and caring physician  highly recommended']
2880,[u'knowledegeable and caring answers'  u'bravo! great answers!']
2881,[u'dr reynolds provides an excellent service to the public on health tap he is clearly a very knowledgable psychiatrist who can break things down to make them understandable i recommend dr reynolds'  u'i recommend you as a well know expert in your field\r\ndr jakavick would recommend this dr to all who seek their expertise'  ui really like dr reynolds' responses & explanations  puts complex concepts in ways that everyone can understand  uanswers patient's questions in a timely manner  very knowledgeable!  u'knowledegeable and caring answers'  u'recommended highly']
2882,[u'great ent doc!!']
2883,[u'very accurate & thorough impressive'  u'very high quality opinions']
2884,[u'dr bressie is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2885,[u'i recommend this doctor  very insightful and i learn something new from these answers'  u'a top doctor we are lucky to have dr eleczcko contribute to healthtap'  u'knowledgeable  caring  answers well founded in scientific fact'  u'excellent dentist  very informative and helpful answers'  u'a very knowledgeable  dedicated and caring dentist'  u'thanks for your valuable contributions']
2886,[u'dr friedman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr friedman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2887,[u'dr dowling provides an exceptional public service through health tap his response are universally suberb he provides indepth yet concise  acurate and understandable information i recommend dr dowling'  u'very knowlegible and conservative about when to do surgery thats good'  u'commack is lucky to have such a top doc!'  u'timely and to the point answers'  u'great answers thank you!'  u'highly recommend']
2888,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
2889,[u'dr inwood is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr inwood is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr inwood is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'tks for info  appreciate that you suggested more than one possibility'  u'i am grateful for this doctor this thanksgiving!']
2890,[ui commend dr thaler for his consistently informative  to the point and articulate answers  it's obvious that he practices quality dentistry and cares about the well being of his patients  u'dr thaler among the best prosthodontists i know  i wish he was closer to the area where i practice  i trust dr thaler to get optimum results even with difficult cases'  u'i endorse this dentist dr thaler was an instructor of mine at temple dental school that i often saught out for help and guidance'  u'i endorse this dentist   dr thaler is a very skilled and knowledgeable practicioner  dr john whytosek'  u'i endorse this dentist'  u'i endorse this dentist']
2891,[u'quick tesonse direct  thorough answered question and answered not asked (but answers were valuable) very pleased'  u'dr nguyen is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr nguyen is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'very polite  and straight helpful answers']
2892,[u'dr hernandez is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr hernandez is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'awesome consult']
2893,[u'dr roosth is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr roosth is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2894,[u'i endorse dr alame his contributions on avvo are thoughtful and excellent']
2895,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'highly recommend']
2896,[u'dr wiseman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr wiseman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr wiseman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower3']
2897,[u'i highly endorse dr jeffrey bassman as an expert on health tap and healthtap prime his comments and insights are educational for both patients and physicians he is an asset to the healthtap community'  u'dr bassman is an extremely knowledgeable and dedicated dentist excellent answers and advice'  u'very knowledgable  fantastic answers with quick responses\nexcellent  excellent doctor!'  u'excellent responses to questions and very supportive of patients strongly recommended'  u'i highly recommend dr bassman and thank you for your contributions to healthtap'  u'a very knowledgable and compassionate doctor always gives very sound advice']
2898,[u'dr eglash is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr eglash is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2899,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
2900,[u'dr maurer is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr maurer is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2901,[u'dr golowa is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr golowa is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2902,[u'i highly recommend dr ho although she specializes in hematology and oncology - it is clear that her expertise extends well beyond that she provides accurate  informative and easy to understand information she is a real asset to healthtap'  u'compassionate  on-target answers from a very wise physician  dr ho is a wonderful part of the healthtap community  and provides excellent public service'  u'dr ho gives concise  pertinent information  and shares her vast knowledge and expertise over a wide variety of areas in medicine excellent work!'  u'dr ho has a vast fund of knowledge that allows for effectively contributing to this online community of health'  u'i recommend this doctor  very insightful and i learn something new from these answers'  udr liawaty ho consistently provides knowledgeable and caring answers she's great!]
2903,[u'i cannot say enough to honor dr archer  a true scientist  capable of rational  well founded  science based thought coupled with a love for people and a drive to help every one live the fullest life possible  she demonstrates true interest in every patient whose questions she answers and earns the respect and trust of her patients and her colleagues  i learn so much from reading her answers'  u'love what dr cynthia archer stands for! she is passionate about helping patients feel better  understands their medical conditions & provides sound  clear practical advice on how best to take care of the problem now to resolve it she provides meaningful insights to both patients and doctors alike to learn what good medicine practice is  if not great medicine! i recommend her highly!'  u'i have had the pleasure of getting to know dr archer through her professional wisdom as well as personally to discover she is charming and avant garde which in my opinion are valuable attributes to have in this day and age of the modern physician  i recommend her without reservation and look forward to continued good personal and professional relatiionships with her'  umost people spend more time shopping for a new car than they select a physician it's important to find a physician you trust and feel comfortable with dr cynthia archer is the only doctor you need to know she is a human being who cares about people i'm really learning a lot from her answers highly recommended dr paul grin  u'dr archer gives understandable  pertinent answers to the everyday questions asked by patients  she is kind  personable and easy to understand  she is the kind of doctor that wants to help you get to the heart of your medical concerns so you can feel better  i recommend her as your doctor to see'  u'a personable  intelligent physician with a talent for teaching without patronizing in a down-to-earth  succint way  dr  cynthia archer is truly a highly valued member of healthtap her patients are fortunate to find such a competent  caring physician i recommend her highly']
2904,[u'dr newman provides knowledgable and concise responses that are to the point  yet empathic i highly recommend him'  u'very thoughtful ob with a great approach to the person  not just the case'  u'nice answers  appears to be caring']
2905,[u'being trained  licensed  & board certified both medically (both otolaryngology and facial plastic & reconstructive surgery) and dentally (oral & maxillofacial surgery) drgallia is in possession of an incredibly impressive breadth of training  knowledge  and experience in his field  his answers to questions are clear  precise  & very helpful &it is my pleasure to recommend him very highly indeed'  u'although i live far from dr lou  i have had the chance to see his recommendations  his accolades and his patient satisfaction i highly recommend dr lou for his experience  recognition nationally and his devotion to his community of patients'  u'great doctor he gets right to the point  addresses the issue in a straightforward manner and tells you who to follow up with what more could you want glad to have him here on healthtapcom impressed with his tmj expertise'  u'i have known dr gallia to be extremely knowledgable as an oral surgeon and have been very pleased with the way he has teated my patients  i have no hesitation in recommending him'  u'dr gallia is an expert in his field and i highly recommend searching him out for answers relating to ent  maxillofacial  tmj  and other related areas of interest!'  u'not your basic or all surgeon  best of the best! very experience oral surgeon many additional specialties definitely in good hands and highly recommended!']
2906,[u'i endorse this dentist  \ni have worked with dr scharf on numerous cases over many years  i have found john to be a talented dentist who blends the science and artistic aspects of cosmetic dentistry  frequently exceeding the patients expectations  john remains an advocate for his patients and appreciates the steps required to have exceptional results'  u'i have worked with dr scharf for over 17 years and can say he is one of the very best cosmetic dentists i have ever worked with he is always available to discuss cases with me and is very caring towards his patients he is an asset to the dental community  and able to perform any procedures needed to treat all types of dental needs'  u'dr scharf has excellent cosmetic skills and has a long standing history of providing care   i know of countless patients that have also been pleased with treatments as simple as a tooth colored white filling to more complex care involving restored dental implants   i certainly endorse this dentist'  u'i have worked with dr scharf for over 25 years and have consistently found him to be an excellent and caring clinician he has a  passion for creating healthy and beautiful smiles we are fortunate to have this cosmetic dentist in chester county'  uas an associate of dr scharf's i've seen firsthand  numerous examples of his high-quality  aesthetic work   patients who come to dr scharf can not only expect to receive 'a new smile' but highly personable treatment  from a skilled clinician  u'i endorse this dentist  we have worked together on several patients and all have been extremely pleased with his final cosmetic restorations  they all stated they would return for future treatment if needed or desired']
2907,[u'dr degruccio is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr degruccio is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'very thorough answer!']
2908,[u'dr samach is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr samach is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2909,[u'dr freedman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr freedman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2910,[u'dr chouteau is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr chouteau is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2911,[u'being trained  licensed  & board certified both medically (both otolaryngology and facial plastic & reconstructive surgery) and dentally (oral & maxillofacial surgery) drgallia is in possession of an incredibly impressive breadth of training  knowledge  and experience in his field  his answers to questions are clear  precise  & very helpful &it is my pleasure to recommend him very highly indeed'  u'although i live far from dr lou  i have had the chance to see his recommendations  his accolades and his patient satisfaction i highly recommend dr lou for his experience  recognition nationally and his devotion to his community of patients'  u'great doctor he gets right to the point  addresses the issue in a straightforward manner and tells you who to follow up with what more could you want glad to have him here on healthtapcom impressed with his tmj expertise'  u'i have known dr gallia to be extremely knowledgable as an oral surgeon and have been very pleased with the way he has teated my patients  i have no hesitation in recommending him'  u'dr gallia is an expert in his field and i highly recommend searching him out for answers relating to ent  maxillofacial  tmj  and other related areas of interest!'  u'not your basic or all surgeon  best of the best! very experience oral surgeon many additional specialties definitely in good hands and highly recommended!']
2912,[u'dr uyeda is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr uyeda is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr uyeda is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'i am grateful for this doctor this thanksgiving!'  u'i am grateful for this doctor this thanksgiving!'  u'give answeres in good way']
2913,[u'dr chaudhuri is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr chaudhuri is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2914,[uanswers patient's questions in a timely manner  very knowledgeable!  u'dr press is an insighful physician who gives great advice'  u'great answers great doctor\r\nhighly recommend']
2915,[u'excellent  comprehensive and thoughtful answers that show compassionate care'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'very knowledgable doctor   great answers and a great doctor to follow!']
2916,[u'dr mehra is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr mehra is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2917,[u'i recommend you as a well know expert in your field\r\ndr jakavick would recommend this dr to all who seek their expertise'  u'i recommend this doctor  very insightful and i learn something new from these answers'  uanswers patient's questions in a timely manner  very knowledgeable!  u'gives great advice very kind\r\nhighly recommend'  u'very timely and accurate responses'  u'dedicated  knowledgeable  caring']
2918,[u'top oral surgeon']
2919,[u'dr mata is a welcomed addition to the avvo community  her answers are well thought out which shows she takes time to provide truly valuable education and insight to her patients  i endorse and recommend dr felicia mata and wish her all the best'  ui endorse dr mata  it's quite apparent that she cares about the quality of her treatment and the well being of her patients it's also evident that she spends a great deal of time educating her patients and stresses preventative care  u'i  would like to endorse dr mata and welcome her to the avvocom community she is providing a public service by providing timely  acurate and insightful information on dental and medical matters'  u'i endorse this dentist dr mata is a very good and professional dentist i would strongly recommend her to anyone!'  u'very thorough & accurate impressive indeed!'  u'great dentist in downtown chicago']
2920,[u'dr gemmete is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr gemmete is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2921,[u'i endorse this dentist an excellent dentist an a good guy who really cares about his patients capable of treating the most complex patient'  u'i endorse dr certo his contributions are very thoughtful and knowledgable lynann mastaj  dmd'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'i endorse this dentist'  u'i endorse this dentist']
2922,[u'intelligent comprehensive physician with advanced training who achieve the highest recognition in our speciality for a young physiatrist by having the highest school in the country on written board examination'  u'you get my vote! nice job! keep up the good work']
2923,[u'dr garren is a very welcome addition to healthtap i  have reviewed all of his responses to date and they are straight to the point  accurate  and without equivocation he knows his craft extremely well and is an excellent communicator when space does not permit a full answer  he sends his readers to appropriate websites so they can get a more comprehensive understanding of the topic in question'  u'his expertise in brain and prostate tumors  as well as his  knowledge of modern methods of radiation therapy is undisputable']
2924,[u'dr gabor  has an outstanding knowledge base of both diagnostic radiology and of medicine in general (across the board)  he is providing a valuable service to the public via healthtap i endorse dr gabor'  u'dr michael gabor is an excellent physician  very knowledgeable passionate  and on the top of his field he is a great value to the people of ny  and to the family of health tap'  u'dr gabor is a very knowledgeable and compassionate doctor always enjoy reading his insightful answers highly recommended'  u'understandable answers  educates us all both patients and doctors alike  generous and collaborative recommended to all!'  u'dr gabor has been an excellent consultant and is a great asset to thr healthtap prime physician community'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
2925,[u'dr carr enjoys helping his clients and is very insightful with his answers- dave'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
2926,[u'thank you doc thats what i thought the history is lengthy lost my aunt and grandmother to it and my uncle has it thank you again for your help'  u'dr westmoreland is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr westmoreland is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'best doctor i have ever seen']
2927,[u'he has excellent knowledge  judgement  know-how  and healthtap answers! a terrific combination of practical wisdom and scholarly experience'  u'excellent cardiologist  his posts are always informative for patients'  u'very helpful answers!']
2928,[ui learn from and enjoy reading dr khanna's answers to challenging questions  a real asset to healthtap and the public!  u'i recommend dr khanna as a leading doctor in family medicine because of her knowledge and commitment to her calling --'  u'very informative answers   always quick to respond to patients   definitely a great doctor!'  uanswers patient's questions in a timely manner  very knowledgeable!  u'if you are in need of a dedicated doctor   look no further'  u'i highly recommend dr yash  khanna   great  biography']
2929,[u'it is no wonder that dr placik has a 99 docscore & is ranked first nationally in so many areas of medicine on healthtap he provides concise & accurate  information to many people  he does a good job furthering  education about plastic surgery'  u'i endorse this doctor  he is skilled  ethical  intelligent and reliable  my personal knowledge of his skill and technique is in the area of female cosmetic/plastic genital (vulvar) surgery  at which he is the best in the midwest!'  udr placik is a wonderfully well-rounded physician  whose replies embrace the whole human rather than  on surgical procedures alone  he's a great asset to healthtap  and i'm sure to his patients  u'dr placik has a very wide knowledge which he share with his patients and colleagues  we as well as the online patients are fortunate to have a very valuable clinician like dr pacik'  u'excellent & well written responses from a physician and plastic surgeon who has shown dedication to help many patients with thoughtful answers to their questions on this site'  u'dr placik provides consistently thoughtful answers i especially appreciate that he is conservative and realistic in his answers about cosmetic surgery procedures']
2930,[u'dr steinbach has already taught me a lot after just an hour of reading his responses  i am impressed with the compassion he demonstrates for each and every person asking a question and with his ability to present  difficult material in a manner that is readily understood   his breadth of expertise is quite impressive as well he is a wonderful asset to the health tap community']
2931,[u'knowledegeable and caring answers'  u'bravo! great answers!']
2932,nan
2933,[u'excellent and timely answers that are very helpful  and offer accurate information for many patients'  u'dr borncamp enjoys helping his patients and always excited answering questions'  u'concise answers that are timely  and in a patient friendly language'  u'very timely and accurate responses']
2934,[u'i find holistic medicine fascinating i have learned  great information by reading the information that dr rinker provides  thank you'  u'excellent source especially for multi-functional disorders requiring synthesis of many organ systems and medications'  u'i enjoyed reading her answers they tell of caring practioner'  u'excellent credentials and interests'  u'very  knowledgeable and caring']
2935,[u'dr dale is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr dale is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2936,[u'dr bergman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr bergman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2937,[uwhat a delight it is to read dr friedlander's posts he is direct and his advice is personalized clearly he's kind as he tells it like it is  without waffling while doing so  he also recognizes full well that we all deserve respect  frankness  and honesty when dosing out wisdom  whether to patients  the public  or his peers  u'very knowledgeable and capable of conveying his thoughts in a very clear way uncommon gift of empathy for those asking the questions  yet answers directly and unhesitatingly it is a pleasure to read his responses and to learn from him for a pathologist i find him refreshingly conversant with the living!'  u'dr friedlander is an excellent physician who really knows what he is talking about i am sincerely happy to be in connection with him on healthtap i highly recommend dr friedlander: his straightforward excellent answers are a great resource both to patients & drs thank you dr friedlander !'  u'dr friedlander is an extremely knowledgeable physician who continually gives superb advice on an incredible range of medical conditions hi9s answers are always accurate & totally reliable we are very fortunate to have him as a colleague on healthtap'  u'as a former student of dr friedlander i can say that he is quite brilliant and very quick with often very insightful and helpful witticisms  he has a great love of medicine and  i believe  an even greater love of teaching medicine to others'  u'a very knowledgable individual i had the privilege of attending his pathology course as a medical student in kansas city  mo i have appreciated his contribution to my education and value the solid core foundation he contributed in providing']
2938,[u'dr cohen is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr cohen is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2939,[ui have referred my patient to dr bloom for the past five years he is very knowledgeable  and caring professional  with excellent bedside manners he has excellent surgical skills and his outcomes are great you can't go wrong choosing dr  bloome]
2940,[u'dr oscar novick is an excellent pediatrician who demonstrates a wide-breadth of knowledge across medical specialties his responses are concise  practical  and insightful and i look forward to reading them additionally he is kind and caring as reflected in his answers i am happy to have dr novick as my colleague on healthtap!'  ui like & admire dr novick 's vastness of passion & compassion  wealth in his specialty knowledge  and keen instinct to conjecture useful solutions beyond available facts so  i recommend him without reservation to anyone in need for his specialty care and service \r\n\r\n(james) chin-ti lin  md  u'dr novick is clearly has an outstanding knowledge of pediatrics he is providing an excellent service to the public via healhtap the information he provides is understandable  accurate & compassionate i endorse dr novick'  u'excellent well thought out answers an excellent resource for patients and an asset to healthtap anybody who takes their personal time  to answer patient questions and does so without anything in return is fine by me'  u'i am always amazed at his breadth of knowledge in pediatrics- it is obvious from his answers and online presence  he is an expert in pediatrics and a value to the health tap community'  u'dr novick has my highest recommendation he is a well respected pediatrician in his community and it is great to see  expertise and insights shared on health tap']
2941,[u'dr xanthopoulos is a superb pediatrician  much loved by his patients & their families  also held in great respect by his peers']
2942,[u'dr spiers is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr spiers is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2943,[u'dr casella is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr casella is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr casella is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2944,[u'great doc!!']
2945,[u'very knowledgeable and dedicated dentist with excellent  comprehensive and to the point answers and advice i highly recommend!'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
2946,[u'dr zanger is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr zanger is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2947,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
2948,[udr werner is a highly knowledgeable  compassionate and caring physician (cardiologist) who has helped countless people on healthtap his thank you notes are a testimony to how much the people he helps appreciate him i'd like to add my thank you too  u'this highly knowledgeable physician is amazingly articulate and responds to complex questions with clear and easily understood explanations would certainly use him as my cardiologist if he were closer'  u'knowledgeable  dedicated  experienced  and caring excellent and to the point answers and advice a real asset to the healthtap community thank you for your contributions'  u'i have known dr werner and follow his experty in cardiovascular health since i joined healthtap he is a knowledgeable and dedicated physician whom i highly recommend'  u'excellent   well explained and timely responses  he is highly recognized in the  cardiology  community and a terrific clinical resource for healthtap'  u'dr werner provides among the best answers on health tap his answers are accurate  understandable  always informative  reliable and compassionate']
2949,[u'always has excellent thorough answers and advice based upon knowledge  experience and common sense'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
2950,[u'i recommend dr kunen his responses on health tap are compassionate  right on target and  understandable he is providing an excellent service to the public on health tap'  u'dr kunen replies to healthtap questions in wonderfully kind  insightful  and informative ways  i am happy to recommend him']
2951,[u'i commend dr quon for his wealth of knowledge  and his consistently outstanding advice which is always to the point  comprehensive and articulate'  u'an excellent physician and resource for the people of mississippi'  u'thoughtful  insightful answers'  u'great oral surgeon!!']
2952,[u'dr liu is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr liu is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2953,[u'i have been dealing with nose irritation for several days and i found it very uncomfortable to sleep until i came across your patrolium jelly tip and now i sleep like a baby  thanks doc'  u'dr greiwe is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr greiwe is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'i am grateful for this doctor this thanksgiving!'  u'quick answers and in depth explanations'  u'thoughtful  prompt advice']
2954,[u'dr peterson is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr peterson is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2955,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
2956,[u'thank you for helping all of understand some complex issues i really appreciate you!']
2957,[u'i truly appreciate the work you guys do! thank you for being part of this community!  keep up the good work!'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'very timely and accurate responses']
2958,[u'finding a dentist who is intelligent  caring  up to date on the latest technology and highly skilled is a rarity  dr shvartsman i can wholeheartedly say  is all of the above  i have worked with him in the past and each and every patient who leaves his office raves about the care they received  his intentions are always best for his patients and it is without reservation that i recommend him'  u'dr a shvartsman is very educated physician with up to date knowledge in a vast variety of dentistry fields with a good sense of humor'  u'i have known dr  shavers man for years he has always been a dedicated and knowledgable professional'  u'dr swartsman provides excellent & reliable answers regarding all aspects of dentistry'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'dr shvartsman is a highly skilled and compassionate dentist']
2959,[u'i am honored to have the opportunity to critique my good colleague  dr rhoads  her warm and inviting personality is exactly what is needed to jump start any professional relationship she then  follows this up with a wealth of accurate medical knowledge demonstrating her clinical acumen as a family physician through & through my thanks for her collegiality & desire to be a part of this network'  ui don't think you can find a more skilled  bright  knowledgeable physician with the natural ability to make people feel at ease than dr rhodes i'm always happy to see her answers because i learn a lot from her bedside manner shes the kind of person that i imagine shines a light in every room she walks into healing is an art  and she is a gifted artist! keep up the strong work and kind smile!  u'what a find on healthtap! dr rhoads\' answers are friendly  easy to understand  yet right-on-point and comprehensive her kentucky patients are truly fortunate to have such a medical expert & resource at hand! i\'m following her feed with interest  & commend her to anyone looking for straight-up medical insight'  u'dr rhoads is a delight and asset to healthtap  not only are her answers clear  concise and helpful but she backs them up with data  i a great doctor to learn from and a great family doctor to consult!  i highly recommend her  kentucky is lucky!'  u'dr susan rhoads is a dedicated doctor  sharp  analyzes patient problems well  her rapport and lovely presence sets her high as a professional  reminds me of the true spirits of the real family dr  marcos welby style  rare in in our hectic times '  u'i appreciate the quality and caring of dr rhoads answers she knows so much and is so generous with her knowledge we all benefit from her contributions here and families in her community are fortunate to have her in person']
2960,[u'dr decker is a compassionate and dedicated physician and bright radiologist!'  u'obviously  great knowledge and experience'  u'a spot on radiologist']
2961,[u'great doc good advice!'  u'colleague  nuc- doc!']
2962,[u'dr calloway is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr calloway is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2963,[u'helpful  timely  accurate answers  a great addition to healthtap'  u'i highly recommend dr harwood for his expertise and knowledge'  u'he is an extremely gifted surgeon'  u'excellent addition to healthtap'  u'i recommend this physician']
2964,[uday after day  dr fowler answers scads of patient questions tirelessly while managing to handle each one with care and thoughtfulness she's earned the respect and admiration of many docs here as both a colleague and a leader - one who readily cheers us on and one who humanizes us all with the funny and folksy expressions that dot her answers (whoah nelly  indeed!)  hats off to dr fowler!  uwhen a physician has so many colleagues who admire her and her work  it should not be a surprise that she is an outstanding doctor but dr fowler has that something extra that almost seems magical she's a true humanitarian  and i consider it a blessing to have her be part of the healthtap community here's to you dr fowler  for all you are and do for patients and colleagues alike cheers!  ui've had the opportunity to interact with dr fowler for the last several months on the former avvo health website where she was the top doc bar none her answers to psychiatric questions are spot on and serve as an excellent source of information for non-psychiatrists this is complemented by her overall fund of general medical knowledge which she dispenses in a compassionate manner  uwow!  i decided to read the recommendations from other doctors before writing mine  five minutes later i still have not gotten to the bottom of the list  hard to add to all of this but i must say i love reading dr fowler's responses  concise  to the point and done with a sense of compassion and an endearing sense of humor  i highly recommend her and learn a lot from her  u'dr fowler is a conscientious contributor to the community  providing insightful opinions to people in need although many physicians are perhaps skeptical of the services this  and other medical information websites provide  there are a growing number of disenfranchised people out there who need some help  understanding  and kindness dr fowler helps provide all three'  ui only know dr fowler from interacting with her on avvocom  reading her answers  i can't help but sense the deep compassion this fine doctor possesses  she goes out of her way to answer people's questions  and will research topics that are not even in her area of expertise to provide assistance dr fowler comes across as a great doctor and a wonderful human being!]
2965,[u'i have known dr milstone for many years we have several common patients  he is a brilliant compassionate doctor with the highest talent and integrity'  u'ery accurate & helpful impressive'  u'i recommend this physician']
2966,[udr klauber's sharp eyes and mind as well as witty to-the-point writing has irresistibly moved my fingers to type my highest recommendation for his professional capacity for anyone seeking the high standard of care so  go to see him if in need for his care \r\n(james) chin-ti lin  md  u'excellent well thought out answers an excellent resource for patients and an asset to healthtap anybody who takes their personal time  to answer patient questions and does so without anything in return is fine by me'  u'i recommend dr klauber he clearly is very  very knowledgeable about pediatric urology and many other areas of medicine he is providing an excellent public service through health tap'  u'dr george t klauber is an excellent physician very knowledgeable passionate and on the top of his field he is a great value to the peolpe of ma and to the family of health tap'  u'drklauber gives very helpful and correct advice to virtual patients in both adult and pediatric urology and in other medical wpecialties yoo he is a real asset'  u'dr klauber provides very knowledgeable answers and a compassionate heart on healthtap  i appreciate his contributions  and recommend him']
2967,[u'i highly endorse dr jeffrey bassman as an expert on health tap and healthtap prime his comments and insights are educational for both patients and physicians he is an asset to the healthtap community'  u'dr bassman is an extremely knowledgeable and dedicated dentist excellent answers and advice'  u'very knowledgable  fantastic answers with quick responses\nexcellent  excellent doctor!'  u'excellent responses to questions and very supportive of patients strongly recommended'  u'i highly recommend dr bassman and thank you for your contributions to healthtap'  u'a very knowledgable and compassionate doctor always gives very sound advice']
2968,[uwhat a delight it is to read dr friedlander's posts he is direct and his advice is personalized clearly he's kind as he tells it like it is  without waffling while doing so  he also recognizes full well that we all deserve respect  frankness  and honesty when dosing out wisdom  whether to patients  the public  or his peers  u'very knowledgeable and capable of conveying his thoughts in a very clear way uncommon gift of empathy for those asking the questions  yet answers directly and unhesitatingly it is a pleasure to read his responses and to learn from him for a pathologist i find him refreshingly conversant with the living!'  u'dr friedlander is an excellent physician who really knows what he is talking about i am sincerely happy to be in connection with him on healthtap i highly recommend dr friedlander: his straightforward excellent answers are a great resource both to patients & drs thank you dr friedlander !'  u'dr friedlander is an extremely knowledgeable physician who continually gives superb advice on an incredible range of medical conditions hi9s answers are always accurate & totally reliable we are very fortunate to have him as a colleague on healthtap'  u'as a former student of dr friedlander i can say that he is quite brilliant and very quick with often very insightful and helpful witticisms  he has a great love of medicine and  i believe  an even greater love of teaching medicine to others'  u'a very knowledgable individual i had the privilege of attending his pathology course as a medical student in kansas city  mo i have appreciated his contribution to my education and value the solid core foundation he contributed in providing']
2969,[u'a  highly skilled surgeon and compassionate and down to earth physician i highly recommend him']
2970,[u'recommend dr munshower with the highest accolades  his answers on health tap are thoughtful  caring and scientifically accurate  he possesses the ability to answer patients questions intelligently while at the same time providing excellent health education and informing patients in a thoughtful manner  the highest recommendation'  umost people spend more time shopping for a new car than they select a physician it's important to find a physician you trust and feel comfortable with dr john c munshower is the only one you need to know he is a human being who cares about people  i'm really learning a lot from him highly recommended  ui see many of dr munshower's patients  i hear from them over and over how much they enjoy having him for their primary care doctor and that they think they are receiving excellent care from him  u'i fully recommend dr munshower to anyone needing his help as he seems to care deeply about his field of family medicine great physician and colleague and asset to the community at healthtap!'  u'dr john munshower is a knowledgeable  experienced  and caring physician  his responses are clear  concise  and practical  i am pleased to have dr munshower as a colleague on healthtap!'  udr munshower provides excellent  concise  accurate recommendations to patients' questions  that are well meaningful and relevant i value his contributions to the health tap forum]
2971,[udr foster is warm witty and wonderful!  combined with brains and looks  what more could we ask of anybody?  her answers are sound medically and often inspiring plus she's truly generous in her support of all  including peers  healthtap is lucky to have her  thank goodness! (i confess to a wee bit of envy  sigh!)  udr foster provides excellent advice in a wonderful manner i'm very happy to have an opportunity to learn from her replies and know she is helping so many patients what an asset!  u'dr foster provides compassionate  comprehensive and excellent advice to patients she is a great colleague and truly cares about her clients!'  udr foster's answers to patient questions are always respectful  succinct and on point read her answers for solid clinical advice!  udr foster's expertise & her thoughtful attention to answers not only help ht patients  but also teach us  her ht colleagues  u'she is the backbone of ht with her compassion  insight and expertise her commitment to the site is exemplary']
2972,[ui was a rotating intern on dr cappaert's service back in the day  i am now a neurologist and remember much of what he taught me on that service month  i'd recommend him in a heartbeator at leasta retinal venous pulsation!  glad he is here to share his expertise]
2973,[u'i endorse this dentist an excellent dentist an a good guy who really cares about his patients capable of treating the most complex patient'  u'i endorse dr certo his contributions are very thoughtful and knowledgable lynann mastaj  dmd'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'i endorse this dentist'  u'i endorse this dentist']
2974,[u'dr everett is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr everett is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2975,[u'i am grateful to drgrin for educating not only myself  but all of us here at healthtap about pain management  and  moreover  i am grateful to him for his openness to the effects of psychotherapy i have encountered many pain practitioners who devalue therapy as being unneeded  and that medication solves everything no so for dr grin  and i am relieved he is more forward thinking & collaborative!'  u'what a great guy  excellent physician  wonderful colleague and all around genius in the area of pain as well in a surprising range of other areas  i learn from him every day and have recommended that my own daughter read his information to help sort out her tmj  he does not hesitate to tackle any question and returns clear explanations of the most complex issues seasoned with true compassion'  u'dr grin is a wonderful colleague and physician he is knowledgeable in multiple areas not only in the scope of pain management his genuine compassion is evident not only in the way he cares for patients  but for the community of physicians here on healthtap as well we are all lucky to have him share his wisdom with us!'  u'i am endorsing dr grin he is providing an excellent service to the public on healthtap the medical information  dr grin provides is accurate & understandable dr grin is clearly very knowledgeable about pain management and medicine in general'  uhave been reading dr grin's responses and have been impressed with his lucid explanations of issues that are difficult to explain to non-medical personnel he is thorough  concise  and provides excellent advice  u'i highly endorse dr paul grin as a healthtap and healthtap prime as an expert his commentaries and clinical insights are astute and educational to both patients and physicians he is an asset to our community']
2976,[u'dr kass has consistently shown thoughtful and useful advise to patients in his interactions he is an expert in his field i highly recommend him for your health care needs !'  u'i asked him a question as a colleague and he was prompt to reply with advise  it shows he is committed and really cares'  u'i recommend this doctor  very insightful and i learn something new from these answers'  u'excellent doctor with diagnosis  treatment  surgery with excellent bedside manor'  u'dr kass provides excellent information on podiatry to the public via healthtap'  u'intelligent  accurate  kind answers\r\nhighly recommend']
2977,[u'i have known dr wolfer for almost 50 years and know him to be a hard working and honest individual']
2978,[u'dr hunter offers excellent patient advice on a broad range of medical topics in a clear and concise manner  his insightful replies to other health tap physicians infectious disease questions is much appreciated'  u'dr hhunter handsfield is an excellent physician he is passionate physician the top of his field and very knowledgeable'  u'very knowledgeable about hiv  matter of fact answers']
2979,[u'i highly endorse dr jeffrey bassman as an expert on health tap and healthtap prime his comments and insights are educational for both patients and physicians he is an asset to the healthtap community'  u'dr bassman is an extremely knowledgeable and dedicated dentist excellent answers and advice'  u'very knowledgable  fantastic answers with quick responses\nexcellent  excellent doctor!'  u'excellent responses to questions and very supportive of patients strongly recommended'  u'i highly recommend dr bassman and thank you for your contributions to healthtap'  u'a very knowledgable and compassionate doctor always gives very sound advice']
2980,[u'dr pousti is a dedicated  devoted and hard working plastic surgeon and  well rounded physician with an incredible work ethic who seeks perfection in all his efforts and undertakings his results are outstanding and reflect his exceptional skills'  u'dr pousti is an excellent plastic surgeon his knowledge and bedside manner are world class i worked with him and refer my patients to him because i trust him and his work'  u'dr pousti is one of the leading plastic surgeons in the region i would highly recommend him for someone considering plastic surgery'  u'very knowledgeable plastic surgeon great answers\r\nhighly recommend'  u'great responses very accurate comes highly recommended'  u'accurate concise answers to questions']
2981,[u'i highly recommend dr rex mahnensmith as an extremely competent internist i have reviewed many of his answers and consultations on healthtap and have found him to be well-informed  prompt and thorough his documentation is excellent i highly recommend him'  udr mahnensmith is incredibly kind  liberal with advice  praise and support; also tolerant with a fine sense of humor and eclectic in his interests which spills over into his professional life and adds to his wisdom  he's a jewel in healthap's crown  u'dr mahnensmith is extremely knowledgeable and uses this knowledge along with evidence-based medicine to help patients i highly recommend him!'  u'dr mahnensmith is a great resource for healthtap to have  his answers are accurate  and many people have benefited from his presence here'  u'dr mahnensmith is very knowledgeable and is excellent at explaining conditions and lab results to patients in a useful way'  u'dr mahnensmith is an awesome physician here on healthtap with consistently sound advice i highly recommend him']
2982,[u'i am grateful to drgrin for educating not only myself  but all of us here at healthtap about pain management  and  moreover  i am grateful to him for his openness to the effects of psychotherapy i have encountered many pain practitioners who devalue therapy as being unneeded  and that medication solves everything no so for dr grin  and i am relieved he is more forward thinking & collaborative!'  u'what a great guy  excellent physician  wonderful colleague and all around genius in the area of pain as well in a surprising range of other areas  i learn from him every day and have recommended that my own daughter read his information to help sort out her tmj  he does not hesitate to tackle any question and returns clear explanations of the most complex issues seasoned with true compassion'  u'dr grin is a wonderful colleague and physician he is knowledgeable in multiple areas not only in the scope of pain management his genuine compassion is evident not only in the way he cares for patients  but for the community of physicians here on healthtap as well we are all lucky to have him share his wisdom with us!'  u'i am endorsing dr grin he is providing an excellent service to the public on healthtap the medical information  dr grin provides is accurate & understandable dr grin is clearly very knowledgeable about pain management and medicine in general'  uhave been reading dr grin's responses and have been impressed with his lucid explanations of issues that are difficult to explain to non-medical personnel he is thorough  concise  and provides excellent advice  u'i highly endorse dr paul grin as a healthtap and healthtap prime as an expert his commentaries and clinical insights are astute and educational to both patients and physicians he is an asset to our community']
2983,[u'recommend dr munshower with the highest accolades  his answers on health tap are thoughtful  caring and scientifically accurate  he possesses the ability to answer patients questions intelligently while at the same time providing excellent health education and informing patients in a thoughtful manner  the highest recommendation'  umost people spend more time shopping for a new car than they select a physician it's important to find a physician you trust and feel comfortable with dr john c munshower is the only one you need to know he is a human being who cares about people  i'm really learning a lot from him highly recommended  ui see many of dr munshower's patients  i hear from them over and over how much they enjoy having him for their primary care doctor and that they think they are receiving excellent care from him  u'i fully recommend dr munshower to anyone needing his help as he seems to care deeply about his field of family medicine great physician and colleague and asset to the community at healthtap!'  u'dr john munshower is a knowledgeable  experienced  and caring physician  his responses are clear  concise  and practical  i am pleased to have dr munshower as a colleague on healthtap!'  udr munshower provides excellent  concise  accurate recommendations to patients' questions  that are well meaningful and relevant i value his contributions to the health tap forum]
2984,[u'i endorse this dentist  dr wollock is competent and capable in all aspects of restorative dentistry  i have had the opportunity to work with dr wollock on numerous occasions and can attest to his quality care'  u'i highly recommend doctor michael wallock for his unique talent and devotion to the dental profession\nexcellence and  professionalism are reflected in his answers to help  the community'  u'dr wollock is a highly respected and accomplished colleague who strives to make a positive difference to his patients and the dental community  i endorse him highly\n\ndr neil mcleod dds'  u'dr wollock is a very kind  caring and talented restorative dentist  we have shared mutual patients for years with great success and more importantly  gratitude from our patients'  u'i endorse this dentist his answers to questions are thought out and he tries to help his patients by educating them on keeping themselves healthy'  u'dr wollock is an outstanding dentist  he possesses an integrity of work  quality of care  detail and precision beyond expectation']
2985,[ulap chole post op complicaton i am leaving agh today and would love to share my personal experience with  biliary peritonitis email me and u will tell u in a nut shelle now i'm off work for 4 weeks email is sat229 @ hotmail  com hope to hear from you  u'very knowledgeable and helpful he covered a lot of information and asked plenty of questions to make sure we were on the right track very helpful'  u'dr hammerstead is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr hammerstead is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr hammerstead made my first experience with health tap very positive'  u'i am grateful for this doctor this thanksgiving!']
2986,[u'i endorse this dentist i have had the privilege and pleasure of knowing dr sandler for close to 20 years my experiences of working with him have been always positive patient feedback is always exceptional and patients expectations have been met and exceeded he is a kind  caring and compassionate man who seeks perfection in his work dr sandler is constantly being educated with the newest knowledge and techniques in his field'  ui have followed dr sandler's comments to patients and practitioners alike for several months his answers to patients are caring  thorough  and obviously fully researched his advice to practioners is spot on--a trusted and erudite member of the dental community it is a privilege to include him in my network of health care providers and resources  u'dr sandler provides excellent advice to patients and peers his advice is consistent with a high standard of care his answers to questions on this site are well thought out and consistent with the kind of care i expect in a true dental professional it is my pleasure to endorse him'  u'dr sandler is that one of a kind of professional that unfortunately is sometimes hard to find  his expertise and professionalism is outstanding and seems to only follow his heart and compassion for patients  i am proud to have met dr sandler and i can not recommend him enough'  ui have been impressed by dr sandler's professionalism  he responds with care and passion and often goes beyond the call of duty in providing useful information in his answers  i consider his patients to be lucky to have him as their dentist i endorse him without reservations  ui know dr sandler from the avvo community and i have experienced his commitment to his patients and dentistry it's rare to find someone who makes an active effort to improve the field and it is from this that i am confident that dr sandler will not disappoint]
2987,[u'he has excellent knowledge  judgement  know-how  and healthtap answers! a terrific combination of practical wisdom and scholarly experience'  u'excellent cardiologist  his posts are always informative for patients'  u'very helpful answers!']
2988,[u'dr oscar novick is an excellent pediatrician who demonstrates a wide-breadth of knowledge across medical specialties his responses are concise  practical  and insightful and i look forward to reading them additionally he is kind and caring as reflected in his answers i am happy to have dr novick as my colleague on healthtap!'  ui like & admire dr novick 's vastness of passion & compassion  wealth in his specialty knowledge  and keen instinct to conjecture useful solutions beyond available facts so  i recommend him without reservation to anyone in need for his specialty care and service \r\n\r\n(james) chin-ti lin  md  u'dr novick is clearly has an outstanding knowledge of pediatrics he is providing an excellent service to the public via healhtap the information he provides is understandable  accurate & compassionate i endorse dr novick'  u'excellent well thought out answers an excellent resource for patients and an asset to healthtap anybody who takes their personal time  to answer patient questions and does so without anything in return is fine by me'  u'i am always amazed at his breadth of knowledge in pediatrics- it is obvious from his answers and online presence  he is an expert in pediatrics and a value to the health tap community'  u'dr novick has my highest recommendation he is a well respected pediatrician in his community and it is great to see  expertise and insights shared on health tap']
2989,[ui like & admire dr raff's stock of passion & compassion  wealth of specialty knowledge  and keen instinct to conjecture useful solutions beyond available facts so  i recommend her to anyone needing her specialty care/service without reservation \r\n\r\n(james) chin-ti lin  md  udr raff provides a tremendous service to patients with his expertise and caring manner he is certainly my go-to source when i need expert opinion  and i've learned a great deal from reading his answers outstanding!  u'excellent well thought out answers an excellent resource for patients and an asset to healthtap anybody who takes their personal time  to answer patient questions and does so without anything in return is fine by me'  u'dr raff has an outstanding breath of knowledge about infectious diseases and medicine in general he provides an exceptional public service through the education he provides via health tap i recommend dr raff'  udr raff gives sensible  direct answers to a wide range of questions  he teaches me a lot about infectious disease!  he's also a consistently positive presence on healthtap  and i recommend him highly  uyou can't get any better than dr raff  head of the id division when i was in med school and residency at u of louisville  he is extremely knowledgeable  but also a great teacher and a caring doctor]
2990,[u'dr upamaka is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr upamaka is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2991,[u'i strongly recommend dr mccarren the information he provides is both helpful to the general public and to his fellow physicians on health tap he is clearly very knowledgable about neurology & medicine in general'  u'dr mccarren responds with thorough yet easy-to-comprehend answers to neurological questions  i learn a lot from him here on healthtap  and very much appreciate his presence'  u'very comprehensive and timely answers he is nationally known for his expertise'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
2992,[u'a well-founded  knowledgeable  and compassionate physician  any time he agrees with me i am tickled as well as gratified  i learn something from him constantly whether about medicine or about relating to  others in a positive healthy way']
2993,[u'i highly endorse dr jeffrey bassman as an expert on health tap and healthtap prime his comments and insights are educational for both patients and physicians he is an asset to the healthtap community'  u'dr bassman is an extremely knowledgeable and dedicated dentist excellent answers and advice'  u'very knowledgable  fantastic answers with quick responses\nexcellent  excellent doctor!'  u'excellent responses to questions and very supportive of patients strongly recommended'  u'i highly recommend dr bassman and thank you for your contributions to healthtap'  u'a very knowledgable and compassionate doctor always gives very sound advice']
2994,[u'very active physician on healthtap  work well with other physicians  his answers are straightforward and to the point  recommended!'  u'thank you for bringing your caring  knowledgeable experience to the table for all of us to benefit from! seriously  thank you'  u'luis is another of many prolific contributors to healthtap  i gain new insights every time i read one of his postings'  u'you are doing a great job  dr villaplana!  \nrick shewbridge  md\nclevleland clinic\nmedina  ohio'  u'i recommend this doctor  very insightful and i learn something new from these answers'  u'excellent answers especially endocrinology related questions appreciate your efforts']
2995,[u'very thoughtful extremely knowledgeable a great doctor a great human being it is my pleasure to be able to write this recommendation'  u'dr rafat provides excellent information on podiatry to the public via healthtap'  u'dr raft enjoys his practice and wants to share his knowledge-dave'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
2996,[u'dr dorsey is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr dorsey is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2997,[u'dr sharma is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr sharma is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2998,[u'dr hanif is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
2999,[u'dr robertson is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr robertson is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
3000,[u'dr goldie is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr goldie is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr goldie is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
3001,[u'dr dewolf shows a vast knowledge of all areas of dentistry and consistently gives excellent advice and recommendations in a concise  to the point and articulate manner'  u'great answers very knowledgeable\r\nhighly recommend']
3002,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
3003,[u'dr kass has consistently shown thoughtful and useful advise to patients in his interactions he is an expert in his field i highly recommend him for your health care needs !'  u'i asked him a question as a colleague and he was prompt to reply with advise  it shows he is committed and really cares'  u'i recommend this doctor  very insightful and i learn something new from these answers'  u'excellent doctor with diagnosis  treatment  surgery with excellent bedside manor'  u'dr kass provides excellent information on podiatry to the public via healthtap'  u'intelligent  accurate  kind answers\r\nhighly recommend']
3004,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
3005,[u'dr bustos is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr bustos is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
3006,[u'off to a solid start on his medical career sensitive  caring with a great background of knowledge'  u'continuing to do a great job  keep it up!']
3007,[udr schleimer  simply stated  amazes me with his vast knowledge  independent thinking  spot on answers  professionalism and articulate responses  i'm sure his patients are lucky to have him as their dentist and receiving the highest quality dentistry  u'dr schleimer  is very knowledgeable  his answers reflect  the  understanding  of  dental  health that comes with experience  and education we can all learn and  benefit from this doctor'  u'with all of the prefabricated mcbraces out there dr schleimer is one who focuses on what is best for the patient  not selling what people want when it is not sound'  u'thorough  precise & detailed very impressive'  u'accurate and timely opinions'  u'i recommend this physician!']
3008,[u'dr jalal is a knowledgeable  kind  trustworthy  dedicated  and a competent dentist his is trusted by myself  my family   my relatives and my patients  thank you for years of altruistic dedication to this art and science'  u'a wonderful dentist!'  u'great dentist!!']
3009,[u'dr davidson is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr davidson is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
3010,[u'dr dansie is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr dansie is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr dansie is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
3011,[udr stevens is a an active and enthusiastic dispenser of wisdom and is generous with his support  it's great to share webspace with him if this wonderful community  u'i recommend dr stevens he is clearly a very knowledgeable surgeon  he is providing a valuable service to the public on health tap  i endorse dr stevens'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'a great physician']
3012,[u'dr mesiha is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower11'  u'dr mesiha is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr mesiha is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
3013,[u'dr gregory hines is an excellent physician  very knowledgeable passionate  and on the top of his field he is a great value to the people of tn  and to the family of health tap'  u'i recommend this doctor  very insightful and i learn something new from these answers'  u'dr hines is a knowledgeable and caring physician'  u'good knowledgeable answers and caring approach'  u'excellent doctor']
3014,nan
3015,[u'dr dietrich is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr dietrich is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'is confident']
3016,[u'i highly endorse dr david carl houghton as an expert on both healthtap and healthtap prime his comments are asture and educational for both patients and physicians alike dr houghton is an asset to the healthtap community']
3017,[u'dr ransom is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr ransom is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
3018,[u'very accurate and timely responses']
3019,[u'dr hernandez is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr hernandez is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr hernandez is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr hernandez is fast  to the point and very helpful :0)'  u'logical  thoughtful  well explained answer'  u'great doctor! very detailed answers!']
3020,[u'answers question very thoroughly and demonstrates an extensive knowledge of his field  also is generous with health tips and demonstrates a genuine understanding of his patients issues'  u'dr   zahid niazi is an excellent physician  very knowledgeable passionate  and on the top of his field he is a great value to the people of ca   and to the family of health tap'  uthank you dr niazi i appreciate your caring informative answers they benefit more than just those who ask they help me learn things i didn't know a free education-thanks !  u'extremely knowledgeable  known for deft hands in plastic/reconstructive  surgery recommended for anyone who seeks his expertise'  u'he provides excellent and informative answers and is known for his excellent teaching abilities\r\nkeep it up behta!!'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
3021,[u'always gives very sound advice obviously a very insightful and knowledgable doctor'  uanswers patient's questions in a timely manner  very knowledgeable!  u'good answers  provide helpful feedback'  u'very informatice & precise'  u'great ent doc!!'  u'great answers']
3022,[u'i endorse this doctor he is a highly knowledgeable  well informed  compassionate physician and talented surgeon with a great sense of humor who puts his patients at ease and is dedicated to providing outstanding care'  u'prompt   entertaining  yet thorough and accurate responses  an excellent source for patients and doctors on this site i recommend dr rosen without reservation'  u'dr rosen is a significant asset to healthtap  i always enjoy and learn from his comprehensive and easy-to-understand answers well done!'  udr rosen's posts are always thought provoking  one can truly see the commitment and passion to medicine  keep the great answers coming  u'i highly recommend dr rosen he is knowledgable  caring and good humored one of the finest surgeons nationwide'  u'i endorse this doctor excellent advice and information provided to patients on avvocom']
3023,[uthe dr beck is a highly competent and knowledgeable physician he is a welcome colleague on this network  on more than 1 occasion i have appreciated his points of view as we've discussed particulars of certain cases and i found his comments well deserving of attention and inclusion into consideration when deciding upon courses of action to take  u'dr beck is clearly  knowledgeable well beyond his field and communicates  a concern for patients that is seen in true healers  his surgical knowledge is complemented with a broad knowledge base across all aspects of medicine  his advice is clear  accurate and demonstrates the cutting edge of science (no pun intended)'  u'i highly endorse dr m hytham beck as an expert on healthtap and healthtap prime his comments and answers are astute and educational for both patients and physicians alike i feel that he is a great asses to the healthtap community'  udr beck is excellent!  very thoughtful in presenting his responses  it's a pleasure to have him as part of  the health tap team and someone to refer patients to when tough questions need to be answered!  u'dr beck is an outstanding surgeon and demonstrates exceptional knowledge and dedication he is certainly one of the top surgeons on healthtap and i hope to work together more in the future'  uan expert in his field with a vast general medical knowledge  truly an asset to healthtap and a wonderful patient advocate  i'd refer him all my  surgical consults if closer]
3024,[u'dr cano provides thoughtful  helpful  and insightful answers that help all users of this site!'  u'knowledgeable  caring answers  thank you'  u'knowledgeable  caring  dedicated!'  u'good doctor!']
3025,[u'a great ophthalmologist! very knowledgeable in eye surgery  eye medicine  and many other areas of medicine also gives excellent answers a great resource on health tap highly recommend'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'highly recommend']
3026,[u'mark is not only an expert in his field but has a remarkable vast medical knowledge  truly an asset to healthtap and a caring patient advocate  i\'d send him my consults in a heartbeat if he were closer'  u'fast  fantastic answers to often complex questions  truly an asset to the medical community a true national leader in cardiovascular health care and management'  u'i highly recommend dr mark rasak  he is a  very knowledgeable and caring cardiologist'  u'thanks for your contribution at health tap']
3027,[udr don millner is a thoughtful clinician who gives his opinions based on years of clinical experience he will venture into the areas of pro's and con's of certain treatments which shows his concern for the patients who submit their questions to healthtap i am very pleased to be able to have him as a  colleague here and i look forward to learning more from his input  u'dr millner provides concise  pertinent dental answers that are informative  comprehensive  and shares his sense of humor too his holistic dental perspective shows in letting patients know how important their dental health impacts their overall wellbeing  and body health they are related excellent health tap dental physician'  u'i fully recommend dr millner in his field of dentistry as he seems to care deeply about his treatments & advice for patients great colleague and asset to the healthtap community!'  u'dr milliner is an active and valuable member of the healthtap community he provides prompt and thoughtful answers and has helped thousands of patients'  uthis cosmetic dentist gives his knowledge whenever there's a question in his area of expertise  he is patient-oriented  very helpful and supportive  u'dr millner displays knowledge and compassion in his answers to these personal questions  he has earned a outstanding reputation among his peers']
3028,[u'dr granowicz is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr granowicz is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
3029,[u'i commend dr faler for his vast knowledge of all aspects of dentistry and his consistently excellent answers and advice'  u'very knowledgable and quick responses  we need more doctors like dr faler   excellent excellent!'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
3030,[uwhat a delight it is to read dr friedlander's posts he is direct and his advice is personalized clearly he's kind as he tells it like it is  without waffling while doing so  he also recognizes full well that we all deserve respect  frankness  and honesty when dosing out wisdom  whether to patients  the public  or his peers  u'very knowledgeable and capable of conveying his thoughts in a very clear way uncommon gift of empathy for those asking the questions  yet answers directly and unhesitatingly it is a pleasure to read his responses and to learn from him for a pathologist i find him refreshingly conversant with the living!'  u'dr friedlander is an excellent physician who really knows what he is talking about i am sincerely happy to be in connection with him on healthtap i highly recommend dr friedlander: his straightforward excellent answers are a great resource both to patients & drs thank you dr friedlander !'  u'dr friedlander is an extremely knowledgeable physician who continually gives superb advice on an incredible range of medical conditions hi9s answers are always accurate & totally reliable we are very fortunate to have him as a colleague on healthtap'  u'as a former student of dr friedlander i can say that he is quite brilliant and very quick with often very insightful and helpful witticisms  he has a great love of medicine and  i believe  an even greater love of teaching medicine to others'  u'a very knowledgable individual i had the privilege of attending his pathology course as a medical student in kansas city  mo i have appreciated his contribution to my education and value the solid core foundation he contributed in providing']
3031,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'highly recommend']
3032,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
3033,[u'dr tran is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr tran is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
3034,[u'dr kass has consistently shown thoughtful and useful advise to patients in his interactions he is an expert in his field i highly recommend him for your health care needs !'  u'i asked him a question as a colleague and he was prompt to reply with advise  it shows he is committed and really cares'  u'i recommend this doctor  very insightful and i learn something new from these answers'  u'excellent doctor with diagnosis  treatment  surgery with excellent bedside manor'  u'dr kass provides excellent information on podiatry to the public via healthtap'  u'intelligent  accurate  kind answers\r\nhighly recommend']
3035,[u'dr janjua is well trained at utmb with further specialized training he was a medical student on our neurosurgery service he provides thoughtful and careful answers fro our healthtap questions']
3036,[u'dr boyd is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
3037,[u'i find dr machanic to be a distinguished  caring  compassionate  and dedicated neurologist specializing in such difficult  complex cases i feel lucky to know him thru the healthtap network  as he has helped so many patients i am glad to meet him  and hope to continue our professional dialogue together  and learn from his vast knowledge base excellent advice given!'  u'dr machanic is a phenomenal asset to healthtap his recommendations are spot-on and his years of experience certainly shines through i even find myself learning from his knowledge in the field of neurology thanks for your contribution!'  u'dr machanic represents one of the most accomplished professionals in our network at healthtapcom his answers are extremely valuable for users and professionals equally  and his opinion is regarded with admiration to his excellence'  u'i have the pleasure of knowing dr machanic professionally and personally he is a caring physician  a wellspring of knowledge  and a funny guy! he provides valuable wisdom  information and perspective in the neurology community'  u'dr bennett machanic is a highly trained and expert neurologist who gives very good expert clinical opinions i highly recommend dr machanic to anyone who is seeking a consultation with a neurologist thank you dr machanic'  u'dr machanic provided a thoughtful response to a curbside consult on cidp  his willingness to help out with a clinical question is very much appreciated thank you  dr machanic!']
3038,[u'dr giordano is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr giordano is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
3039,[uwe both share the idea that holistic medicine and mainstream medicine have a lot to learn from each other i believe most if not all holistic medicine approaches are hundred of years older than western medicine and either just as effective and in many situations more effective just because we may not know how something works doesn't mean we discard it\r\nwe need dr that think outside of the box!  udr baker provides wonderfully on-target answers and resources on healthtap  i'm grateful to him for his insights  and also inspired by all the reading and learning he clearly does to help his patients  thanks  dr baker!  udr baker offers timely  accurate and pertinent holistic medical advice that truly takes into account the patient's welfare  and health am very impressed with his thoroughness  u'dr baker is an outstanding physician practicing medicine as it should be practiced by combining the best of all systems of medicine in order to treat the whole patient'  u'it is my pleasure to recommend dr baker for his expertise in herbal supplements  lyme disease  vegetarian diet  vitamin c  ascorbic acid and holistic medicine'  u'dr baker has a  vast knowledge about holistic medicine i learn a great deal from reading the information he provides on healthtap i recommend dr baker']
3040,[u'dr inwood is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr inwood is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr inwood is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'tks for info  appreciate that you suggested more than one possibility'  u'i am grateful for this doctor this thanksgiving!']
3041,[u'dr newman provides knowledgable and concise responses that are to the point  yet empathic i highly recommend him'  u'very thoughtful ob with a great approach to the person  not just the case'  u'nice answers  appears to be caring']
3042,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'great doctor to follow extremely accurate answers very knowledgable'  u'very detail oriented excellent and thoughtful answers'  u'very knowledgeable with  excellent answers and advice']
3043,[u'dr goebel is providing an excellent service to the public via healthtap the information he provides is accurate  understandable & makes sense i endorse dr goebel']
3044,[u'being trained  licensed  & board certified both medically (both otolaryngology and facial plastic & reconstructive surgery) and dentally (oral & maxillofacial surgery) drgallia is in possession of an incredibly impressive breadth of training  knowledge  and experience in his field  his answers to questions are clear  precise  & very helpful &it is my pleasure to recommend him very highly indeed'  u'although i live far from dr lou  i have had the chance to see his recommendations  his accolades and his patient satisfaction i highly recommend dr lou for his experience  recognition nationally and his devotion to his community of patients'  u'great doctor he gets right to the point  addresses the issue in a straightforward manner and tells you who to follow up with what more could you want glad to have him here on healthtapcom impressed with his tmj expertise'  u'i have known dr gallia to be extremely knowledgable as an oral surgeon and have been very pleased with the way he has teated my patients  i have no hesitation in recommending him'  u'dr gallia is an expert in his field and i highly recommend searching him out for answers relating to ent  maxillofacial  tmj  and other related areas of interest!'  u'not your basic or all surgeon  best of the best! very experience oral surgeon many additional specialties definitely in good hands and highly recommended!']
3045,[u'dr tau is a colleague  friend  and outstanding dentist who in numerous aspects in the dental world sets the mark for the rest of us to strive for  i endorse this dentist\nmichael i wollock  dmd  agd fellow\ndentistry at suburban'  u'it is a pleasure to endorse dr leonard fredric tau  not only are his answers very informative and well thought out  but his answers give new insight into dentistry that he clearly loves  it is an honor to recommend him'  u'i find dr tau to be a highly knowledgable and passionate supporter of his profession  often writing and freely sharing ideas with those of us in his field his insights on varying topics are held in the highest regard'  u'i endorse this dentist dr tau is a fine dentist and has a very inviting\noffice where patients and treated well in a comfortable setting']
3046,[u'finding a dentist who is intelligent  caring  up to date on the latest technology and highly skilled is a rarity  dr shvartsman i can wholeheartedly say  is all of the above  i have worked with him in the past and each and every patient who leaves his office raves about the care they received  his intentions are always best for his patients and it is without reservation that i recommend him'  u'dr a shvartsman is very educated physician with up to date knowledge in a vast variety of dentistry fields with a good sense of humor'  u'i have known dr  shavers man for years he has always been a dedicated and knowledgable professional'  u'dr swartsman provides excellent & reliable answers regarding all aspects of dentistry'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'dr shvartsman is a highly skilled and compassionate dentist']
3047,[u'i have been following dr singh\'s answers for some time and am impressed in how easily his answers get right to the heart of the questions you might say that his answers all have a certain pop to them'  u'your dedication and commitment to providing quality health consultation on healthtap is greatly admired and a true benefit to your patients keep up the good work'  udr singh provides very informative answers that are right on track with the questions asked  he's a wonderful asset to the healthtap community!  u'dr singh  addresses patient questions in a concise  clear manner  with  links for additional information  excellent physician!'  u'prolific and insightful  dr singh is an important contributor valued by his patients and his physician colleagues'  u'i recommend this doctor  very insightful and i learn something new from these answers']
3048,[u'i have been impressed with dr minich pointed answers with knowledge  depth  wit  and kindness so  i highly recommend her to anyone looking for care / service from her specialty without reservation \r\n\r\n(james) chin-ti lin  md'  u'dr minich is a dedicated doctor  who has been actively answering complex medical questions with compassion  and insight she provides practical and solutions  and recommendations for patients great healthteam expert'  u'i highly endorse dr diane mimich as an expert in her field and as an asset to the healthtap community of experts she is knowledgeable  insightful and empathetic i think that she is an asset  to our physician panel'  u'i have learned a great deal from dr minich here on healthtap and have learned a great deal from her thoughtful  expert  and helpful answers to her patients i look forward to learning more from her!'  u'i recommend dr minich she is providing a valuable service to the public via healthtap she provides sensible  accurate and respectful input i endorse dr minich'  u'dr minich is an extremely knowledgeable physician who obviously care greatly for her patients and their health she is a terrific asset to the healthtap community!']
3049,[u'dr karayil is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
3050,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
3051,[u'dr motew is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr motew is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
3052,[u'i know dr fried very well since we practice together in the same community he is an admired pediatrician  pediatric gastroenterologist and nutrition expert he is well respected by his peers and his devoted patients'  u'i endorse dr fried he has an excellent knowledge of medicine and is providing a valuable service to the public on healthtap'  ui learn a great deal from dr fried's responses!  u'very accurate and timely responses'  u'highly recommend']
3053,[u'intelligent comprehensive physician with advanced training who achieve the highest recognition in our speciality for a young physiatrist by having the highest school in the country on written board examination'  u'you get my vote! nice job! keep up the good work']
3054,nan
3055,[umost people spend more time shopping for a new car than they select a physician it's important to find a physician you trust and feel comfortable with drdr jeffrey j juchau  is the only one you and your family need to know he is a human being who cares about people i'm really learning a lot from him highly recommended  udr juchau is truly the kind of doc i would love to both work in a practice with and to have as my own physician he's really bright  well educated  dedicated  personable  genuine and caring we need more like dr juchau in this field!  u'helpful to patients with a comprehensive general knowledge need to patients where they are effectively and collaborates well with colleagues i recommend dr juchau to both patients and colleagues alike!'  udr juchau's responses are brief  to the point  always accurate and a pleasure to read recommend him highly any family would be privileged to have him as their doctor  u'i enjoy  and learn from reading information shared by dr juchau  he is providing an excellent service to the public via healthtap i recommend dr juchau'  u'dedicated  knowledgable and kind doctor highly recommended to whomever needs a new primary care doctor and also an honor to know him on healthtap']
3056,[u'dr fisher is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr fisher is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'definitely puts down thoughtful answers']
3057,[u'i have been absolutely impressed with dr lin!  not only does he provide very accurate and well thought out answers in this forum  he does so with compassion  concern and sometimes humor to help his patients understand  this is a true rarity in any profession  something i consider a gift  i highly recommend and endorse dr alvin bay lin'  u'dr lin is a remarkable and welcomed addition to the avvo community his answers are not only succinct and accurate  but they show just how much he cares for his profession and his patients i am honored to work alongside him i endorse and highly recommend dr lin'  u'dr alvin is known throughout the healthtap community as concise  prompt and helpful with his answers  i learn often from reading his posts  a true gem to this online community'  udr lin's insightful answers is a wealth of knowledge not just for patients but for fellow physicians as well \r\ni highly recommend him to everyone!  u'i endorse this doctor dr lin provides an exceptional service to the public through the education and guidance he provides on avvocom'  udr lin's answers are thorough  clear and often with reference links for more patient access to information]
3058,[u'we are fortunate to have dr wint here on health tap i know him for many years and he is knowledgeable on hand and nerve surgery he is a major contributor to the health tap website'  u'dr wint in an exceptional hand surgeon and highly recommended'  u'dr wint has wide ranging knowledge and a wealth of experience'  u'dr wint is a highly knowledgable & capable hand surgeon'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
3059,[ui learn a great deal from dr shukman's answers and expertise he meets patients where they are and is clear and understandable in his responses we are lucky to have him here on healthtap!]
3060,[u'dr fricke takes the time to provide answers rich in substance and educational information  the more i read of her contributions  the more i am humbled by the extraordinarily high quality of her responses to even the most complex questions  although we share a specialty  i learn from her every day and strive to approach her level of knowledge and ability to teach'  uin reading and reviewing dr johanna fricke's answers i am impressed how she is able to convey information about the precious things in our lives - our children - in a concise and detailed manner and at the same time some how make you feel reassured at the same time  i wish i live in las vegas so she could be my pediatrician!  i highly recommend her  u'if your child has a developmental  learning  or behavioral problem  a developmental-behavioral pediatrician  dr johanna fricke   has the training and expertise to evaluate and care for your child do not hesitate to refer your family ad friends she is the best in las vegas  nv sincerely and respectfully  drpaul grin'  u'i have known dr fricke for many years  having trained at the same institution i have reviewed many of her answers and consultations on healthtap and have found them to be insightful and thorough her documentation is clear and easily understood by patients i would recommend her highly'  u'i find myself wishing i had a dr fricke to turn to while i was raising my daughter her combination of knowledge  understanding  clarity  compassion and good sense is just well   great children and parents will all benefit from her answers and warmth'  u'excellent well thought out answers an excellent resource for patients and an asset to healthtap anybody who takes their personal time  to answer patient questions and does so without anything in return is fine by me']
3061,[u'he is an expert on chemical peel  laser skin resurfacing  laser resurfacing  tummy tuck i would go to him myself  next time i am in florida- i wonder if i get an aarp discount- ha ha'  u'your dedication and commitment to providing quality health consultation on healthtap is greatly admired and a true benefit to your patients'  u'dr thomas g fiala is very skillful plastic surgeon very knowledgeable passionate physician up to date in his field'  u'always gives informative and supportive answers---he is a great asset to healthtap'  u'great responses very accurate comes highly recommended'  u'reasonable  knowledge  right to the point!']
3062,[u'dr gabor  has an outstanding knowledge base of both diagnostic radiology and of medicine in general (across the board)  he is providing a valuable service to the public via healthtap i endorse dr gabor'  u'dr michael gabor is an excellent physician  very knowledgeable passionate  and on the top of his field he is a great value to the people of ny  and to the family of health tap'  u'dr gabor is a very knowledgeable and compassionate doctor always enjoy reading his insightful answers highly recommended'  u'understandable answers  educates us all both patients and doctors alike  generous and collaborative recommended to all!'  u'dr gabor has been an excellent consultant and is a great asset to thr healthtap prime physician community'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
3063,[u'being trained  licensed  & board certified both medically (both otolaryngology and facial plastic & reconstructive surgery) and dentally (oral & maxillofacial surgery) drgallia is in possession of an incredibly impressive breadth of training  knowledge  and experience in his field  his answers to questions are clear  precise  & very helpful &it is my pleasure to recommend him very highly indeed'  u'although i live far from dr lou  i have had the chance to see his recommendations  his accolades and his patient satisfaction i highly recommend dr lou for his experience  recognition nationally and his devotion to his community of patients'  u'great doctor he gets right to the point  addresses the issue in a straightforward manner and tells you who to follow up with what more could you want glad to have him here on healthtapcom impressed with his tmj expertise'  u'i have known dr gallia to be extremely knowledgable as an oral surgeon and have been very pleased with the way he has teated my patients  i have no hesitation in recommending him'  u'dr gallia is an expert in his field and i highly recommend searching him out for answers relating to ent  maxillofacial  tmj  and other related areas of interest!'  u'not your basic or all surgeon  best of the best! very experience oral surgeon many additional specialties definitely in good hands and highly recommended!']
3064,[u'amazing physician  clinician  mentor and thought leader in the field of diabetes']
3065,[u'i have been treated by dr mudad the past 2 years dr mudad is a wonderful physician and i am more than satisfied to be one of his patients he has never cancelled or changed an appointment he is in the room to see my husband and i in 5-10 mins he is patient and thorough in managing my care dr mudad is easy to talk to and takes his time with listening and addressing my concerns i have good control of disease progression he returns calls/messages the same day i look forward to seeing him as he always supports me and offers optimism and control in a sometimes stressful situation i feel he enjoys his profession and his patients'  u'i have been a patient of his for the last 4 years when first meeting i was a stage four lung cancer victom with his guidence and help i managed to beat this monster and cancer free today since this past summer of 2011 his staff is excelent he keeps you positive evan if i was to have to fight this again i can tell you that he would be the choice i would make again he knows his job and is very good at it you could not find a better or harder working doctor thank you dr mudad'  u'dr mudad is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr mudad is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
3066,[u'dr trinidad is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr trinidad is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
3067,[u'dr nguyen is a kind and well-trained allergist and immunologist who is skilled at treating both children and adults'  u'very good doctor  go to :)']
3068,[u'good and timely responses'  u'recommend']
3069,[u'dr white is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr white is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
3070,[u'you have my vote!  thank you for being here  i really appreciate you']
3071,[u'dr naadimuthu is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr naadimuthu is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
3072,[u'dr hinson is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr hinson is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
3073,[u'dr vemuri is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr vemuri is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
3074,[u'very accurate and timely responses']
3075,[u'i highly endorse dr fronzaglia as an expert on healthtap and healthtap prime his expert comments are insightful and educational he is an asset to the healthtap community'  ui enjoy reading dr fronzaglia's answers which are succinct  timely  accurate and of great value  u'trusted clinician  very knowledgeable']
3076,[u'dr tanya russo combines a deep understanding of the practice/philosophies of medicine with the ability to communicate her knowledge in language that is easy to understand  her answers are clear  thorough  and demonstrate kindness and compassion  she is a fine example of a healthtap physician'  udr tanya russo always provides excellent  relevant medical advice to her challenging cases as a healthtap prime doctor she's caring & compassionate toward her patients  and is highly regarded by all she is a welcomed addition to the healthap team  u'dr russo not only displays excellent knowledge of childhood disorders but  also a much broader knowledge of medicine in general  her manner is gentle but straight-forward  i would not hesitate to refer a patient to or consult with dr russo'  u'excellent knowledge base and communication skills highly respected expert in pediatrics and an impressive number of other medical fields i would take my own children to her without hesitation i recommend her very highly'  udr russo is an excellent clinician who i've had the chance to work directly with her attention to detail and well thought out plans make her a great asset to anyone's network she's also just a great all around person  u'dr russo is an excellent physician she provides great answers and tremendous care to her patients i learn from her and enjoy reading her answers to questions i recommend her highly!!']
3077,[u'dr liu is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr liu is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
3078,[u'dr leap is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr leap is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'excellent experience and wonderful doctor'  u'thanks for your help and understanding']
3079,[u'dr dhingra is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr dhingra is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
3080,[u'well trained and knowledgeable  skilled and personable'  u'caring  knowledgeable  well trained!']
3081,[u'i have been following dr singh\'s answers for some time and am impressed in how easily his answers get right to the heart of the questions you might say that his answers all have a certain pop to them'  u'your dedication and commitment to providing quality health consultation on healthtap is greatly admired and a true benefit to your patients keep up the good work'  udr singh provides very informative answers that are right on track with the questions asked  he's a wonderful asset to the healthtap community!  u'dr singh  addresses patient questions in a concise  clear manner  with  links for additional information  excellent physician!'  u'prolific and insightful  dr singh is an important contributor valued by his patients and his physician colleagues'  u'i recommend this doctor  very insightful and i learn something new from these answers']
3082,[u'dr davidson is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr davidson is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
3083,[udr malerman is an invaluable resource for his thorough  sound advice  he has mastered the art of dispensing a large amount of wisdom in 400 words  as he says medical docs don't know much about matters in front of the tonsils  and i learn so much from his posts!  he also is not shy about reinforcing the wisdom of his peers in both the medical and dental profession  u'dr malerman is not only an expert in his field but knows a lot about everything!  he is a welcomed asset to healthtap and a great patient advocate  highly recommended'  u'dr malerman has consistently shown thoughtful and useful advise to patients in his interactions  i highly recommend him for your orthodontic needs !'  udr malerman provides informative  to-the-point responses on healthtap  he's clearly a knowledgeable and caring orthodontist  u'dr  malerman has a vast fund of knowledge that allows for effectively contributing to this online community of health'  u'dr malerman answers truthfully  understandably and is a fountain of vast dental knowledge i doff my hat to him']
3084,[u'dr cattano provides thoughful  interesting  accurate and understandable responses on healthtap  he is providing an excellent service to the public i learn by reading his input i recommend dr cattano'  ui very much enjoy dr cattano's insightful and thorough answers to  patient questions on the site  i highly recommend  him as a source of gi knowledge  great work !  ui enjoy reading dr cattano's responses on healthtap -- they teach me something every time  he's a wonderful physician and contributor here -- highly recommended!  u'a concise answer  compassion and experience is what you will get when dr cattano answers one of your questions  such a great value to the healthtap community!'  u'dr cattano is a font of wisdom!  everyone  docs and patients  can profit from his excellent posts  his courtesy and respect for us all is also admirable'  u'drcattano is obviously  from his online answers  a very knowledgeable and competent gastroenterologist i would be his patient if i lived in his area']
3085,[u'i fully recommend dr kevin considine to anyone needing his help as he has provided wonderful answers and seems to care deeply about his field of medicine  great physician and colleague!'  u'i highly recommend dr kevin considine  he is very knowledgeable and caring'  u'thanks for your contribution at health tap'  u'a fantastic physician helpful answers!'  u'nnice job!  keep up the great work!']
3086,[u'dr daquino is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr daquino is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
3087,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
3088,[u'i would recommend and endore dr davantizis without hesitation  dr davantzis does all he can to not only cut through the confusion that patients struggle with  but he does so with well-thought out and meaningful answers  he truly cares not only for his patients  but for the profession of dentistry'  u'i endorse this dentist  i have known dr davantzis professionally and personally for many years  his clinical and interpersonal skills are outstanding  he truly cares for his patients as if they were his own family  i would highly recommend him to anyone in need of dental care'  u'it is a pleasure to speak on behalf of a trusted and proficient colleague whom i have known for 30 years  ted is an intelligent  articulate  compassionate and highly capable clinician  his patients are quite fortunate to have him as their dentist'  u'dr davantzis demonstrates a clear commitment to the dental profession  and to the community his posts on avvo reflect his vast knowledge and expertise  i believe that he is an asset to his profession and to his patients!'  u'i endorse dr davantzis for his ongoing effort to help patients in need of dental advice  for his vast knowledge  and with whom i share his philosophies concerning dental treatment  he is a credit to our profession'  u'dr davantzis gives clear answers and explanantion in a very kind tone  i find myself in agreement with dr davantzis and i endorse this dentist  thank you dr davantzis for your professionalism\nzev kaufman  dds']
3089,nan
3090,[u'i truly appreciate the work you guys do! thank you for being part of this community!  keep up the good work!'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'very timely and accurate responses']
3091,[u'i truly appreciate the work you guys do! thank you for being part of this community!  keep up the good work!'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'very timely and accurate responses']
3092,[u'always gives very sound advice obviously a very insightful and knowledgable doctor'  uanswers patient's questions in a timely manner  very knowledgeable!  u'good answers  provide helpful feedback'  u'very informatice & precise'  u'great ent doc!!'  u'great answers']
3093,[u'i endorse dr bates and welcome him to healthtap his responses are clear & accurate he is providing an excellent to the public via healthtap'  u'i recommend drbates for specializing in critical care medicine it is a specialty only for some of the best internists']
3094,[u'great doc!!']
3095,[u'dr keegan duchicela is both helpful and reassuring in his answers he gives good information that gets members head in the right direction'  u'dr duchicela has a great spectrum of valuable  accurate medical knowledge'  u'wide knowledge base\r\nexcellent  caring answers\r\nhighly recommend'  u'great concise answers to common health questions!'  u'excellent doctor']
3096,[uwhat a delight it is to read dr friedlander's posts he is direct and his advice is personalized clearly he's kind as he tells it like it is  without waffling while doing so  he also recognizes full well that we all deserve respect  frankness  and honesty when dosing out wisdom  whether to patients  the public  or his peers  u'very knowledgeable and capable of conveying his thoughts in a very clear way uncommon gift of empathy for those asking the questions  yet answers directly and unhesitatingly it is a pleasure to read his responses and to learn from him for a pathologist i find him refreshingly conversant with the living!'  u'dr friedlander is an excellent physician who really knows what he is talking about i am sincerely happy to be in connection with him on healthtap i highly recommend dr friedlander: his straightforward excellent answers are a great resource both to patients & drs thank you dr friedlander !'  u'dr friedlander is an extremely knowledgeable physician who continually gives superb advice on an incredible range of medical conditions hi9s answers are always accurate & totally reliable we are very fortunate to have him as a colleague on healthtap'  u'as a former student of dr friedlander i can say that he is quite brilliant and very quick with often very insightful and helpful witticisms  he has a great love of medicine and  i believe  an even greater love of teaching medicine to others'  u'a very knowledgable individual i had the privilege of attending his pathology course as a medical student in kansas city  mo i have appreciated his contribution to my education and value the solid core foundation he contributed in providing']
3097,[u'dr hakimi is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr hakimi is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
3098,[u'dr oscar novick is an excellent pediatrician who demonstrates a wide-breadth of knowledge across medical specialties his responses are concise  practical  and insightful and i look forward to reading them additionally he is kind and caring as reflected in his answers i am happy to have dr novick as my colleague on healthtap!'  ui like & admire dr novick 's vastness of passion & compassion  wealth in his specialty knowledge  and keen instinct to conjecture useful solutions beyond available facts so  i recommend him without reservation to anyone in need for his specialty care and service \r\n\r\n(james) chin-ti lin  md  u'dr novick is clearly has an outstanding knowledge of pediatrics he is providing an excellent service to the public via healhtap the information he provides is understandable  accurate & compassionate i endorse dr novick'  u'excellent well thought out answers an excellent resource for patients and an asset to healthtap anybody who takes their personal time  to answer patient questions and does so without anything in return is fine by me'  u'i am always amazed at his breadth of knowledge in pediatrics- it is obvious from his answers and online presence  he is an expert in pediatrics and a value to the health tap community'  u'dr novick has my highest recommendation he is a well respected pediatrician in his community and it is great to see  expertise and insights shared on health tap']
3099,[u'i strongly recommend dr mccarren the information he provides is both helpful to the general public and to his fellow physicians on health tap he is clearly very knowledgable about neurology & medicine in general'  u'dr mccarren responds with thorough yet easy-to-comprehend answers to neurological questions  i learn a lot from him here on healthtap  and very much appreciate his presence'  u'very comprehensive and timely answers he is nationally known for his expertise'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
3100,[u'i recommend you as a well know expert in your field\r\ndr jakavick would recommend this dr to all who seek their expertise'  u'truly a leader in the field of interventional radiology and an author of no nonsense  reliable ht opinions'  u'highly recommended and enthusiastic to helping his clients-dave'  u'highly recommend'  u'recommended']
3101,[u'dr shakov is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr shakov is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
3102,[u'excellent family practitioner experienced dedicated knowledgeable caring and takes time with his patients'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
3103,[u'dr rao has a deep knowledge of an impressive array of medical topics he cuts straight to the heart of the matter and explains difficult topics in a manner that is very easy to understand the mississippi delta is very privileged to enjoy his service'  u'i highly recommend dr rao he is an outstanding physician  his expertise in medicine matches his compassion and care for patients an unique resource to both patients and doctors on health tap! \r\nthank you  you are great  dr rao!'  u'i am consistently impressed with the content and quality of the information that dr rao provides on health tap  he provides a real service to the public i recommend dr rao'  u'i recommend you as a well know expert in your field\r\ndr jakavick would recommend this dr to all who seek their expertise'  u'very informative answers   always quick to respond to patients   definitely a great doctor!'  u'dr rao provides great advice on healthtap he is on my referral network']
3104,[u'excellent answers and advice'  u'great dds!!']
3105,[u'i am grateful to drgrin for educating not only myself  but all of us here at healthtap about pain management  and  moreover  i am grateful to him for his openness to the effects of psychotherapy i have encountered many pain practitioners who devalue therapy as being unneeded  and that medication solves everything no so for dr grin  and i am relieved he is more forward thinking & collaborative!'  u'what a great guy  excellent physician  wonderful colleague and all around genius in the area of pain as well in a surprising range of other areas  i learn from him every day and have recommended that my own daughter read his information to help sort out her tmj  he does not hesitate to tackle any question and returns clear explanations of the most complex issues seasoned with true compassion'  u'dr grin is a wonderful colleague and physician he is knowledgeable in multiple areas not only in the scope of pain management his genuine compassion is evident not only in the way he cares for patients  but for the community of physicians here on healthtap as well we are all lucky to have him share his wisdom with us!'  u'i am endorsing dr grin he is providing an excellent service to the public on healthtap the medical information  dr grin provides is accurate & understandable dr grin is clearly very knowledgeable about pain management and medicine in general'  uhave been reading dr grin's responses and have been impressed with his lucid explanations of issues that are difficult to explain to non-medical personnel he is thorough  concise  and provides excellent advice  u'i highly endorse dr paul grin as a healthtap and healthtap prime as an expert his commentaries and clinical insights are astute and educational to both patients and physicians he is an asset to our community']
3106,[ui like & admire dr raff's stock of passion & compassion  wealth of specialty knowledge  and keen instinct to conjecture useful solutions beyond available facts so  i recommend her to anyone needing her specialty care/service without reservation \r\n\r\n(james) chin-ti lin  md  udr raff provides a tremendous service to patients with his expertise and caring manner he is certainly my go-to source when i need expert opinion  and i've learned a great deal from reading his answers outstanding!  u'excellent well thought out answers an excellent resource for patients and an asset to healthtap anybody who takes their personal time  to answer patient questions and does so without anything in return is fine by me'  u'dr raff has an outstanding breath of knowledge about infectious diseases and medicine in general he provides an exceptional public service through the education he provides via health tap i recommend dr raff'  udr raff gives sensible  direct answers to a wide range of questions  he teaches me a lot about infectious disease!  he's also a consistently positive presence on healthtap  and i recommend him highly  uyou can't get any better than dr raff  head of the id division when i was in med school and residency at u of louisville  he is extremely knowledgeable  but also a great teacher and a caring doctor]
3107,[udr sojico's caring responses and upbeat attitude on healthtap set her apart from the crowd she's clearly highly knowledgeable and dedicated i suspect she's the kind of pediatrician who could set at ease even the most protective parent  u'dr sojico is clearly very knowledgeable in pediatrics and medicine in general she is providing an excellent service to public via healthtap i endorse dr sojico'  u'dr sojico is a very knowledgeable and compassionate doctor who gives practical and sensible advice i enjoy reading her answers highly recommended '  u'great tips! very intelligent expert in pediatrics\r\nhighly recommend'  u'highly recommend drsojico for her dedication and hard work'  u'gives good medical advice and is caring']
3108,[u'i endorse dr harte communicates very well extensive knowledge of family practice & medicine in general accurate spot on is providing an excellent service to the public via healthtap'  u'dr harte has consistently shown thoughtful and useful advice to patients in her interactions she is an expert in her field i highly recommend her for your health care needs !'  u'dr lieas harte is a very thorough  intelligent  and caring physician  she is an asset to healthtap  and the the medical community  i highly recommend this brilliant doctor'  u'dr liesa harte has an excellent reputation to responding to questions and communicating with her fellow colleagues  high doc score that continues to rise'  u'dr liesa has great insight and passion for integrative and functional approaches to medical disorders!'  u'widely respected expert in many areas of medicine very responsive to patients highly recommend']
3109,[u'dr holly maes is an excellent pediatrician and she has a wealth of experience which spans across specialties her answers are practical  concise  and intuitive she is also kind and caring as evidenced in her responses i am delighted to have dr maes as my colleague on healthtap!'  u'excellent well thought out answers an excellent resource for patients and an asset to healthtap anybody who takes their personal time  to answer patient questions and does so without anything in return is fine by me'  u'dr maes provides superb  detailed when necessary & accurate answers par excellance  to very wide range of both pediatric & adult questions i would thus like to endorse with the highest possible recommendation'  u'dr maes answers to difficult pediatric questions are educational for both patient and fellow physicians alikeshe is a wonderful asset to the healthtap community highly recommended!'  u'dr holly maes is accurate and succinct in her answers her background and experience clearly shines!  i highly recommend her!   dr don e millner magd ficoi'  u'i highly recommend dr maes  she provides thoughtful answers and is a wonderful resource for us on health tap i am thankful to be her colleague']
3110,[u'dr sung clearly has significant expertise in podiatry  he is providing a great service to the public on health tap i recommend dr sung'  u'dr sung is a great podiatrist and you can count on him for accurate diagnosis and treatment options for all foot and ankle problems!'  u'very thoughtful  intelligent  kind  respected expert\r\ni highly recommend him'  u'highly recommended excellent  concise  and timely answers!'  u'excellent posts and always educational'  u'great timely responses']
3111,[u'very busy but one thing for sure he cares about you and he has heart thank you dr foglar for saving my hands from total lack of use  his staff are just as fantastic and professional in every waylpittman'  u'dr foglar is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr foglar is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
3112,[u'with an abundance of experience  keen insight  razor sharp mind and unquestionable compassion   dr zimon contributes a wealth of information to enhance the knowledge of patients and doctors  he shares the perspective of one who has seen the science of medicine completely change over the years and the foresight of one who can take these years of science and predict what is coming'  u'dr zimon clearly know his stuff and shares openly with both colleagues and patients alike we are fortunate to have him here on healthtap!'  u'i endorse dr zimon  with a keen knowledge of internal medicine  he is providing an excellent service to the public via healthtap'  u'great answers from a clinician with a wealth of experience and expressed with an unmistakable passion for his patients welfare'  u'offers insightful advice and knowledge from one who is well founded and experienced in medicine'  u'experience  knowledge and keen insight']
3113,[u'dr patel is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr patel is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
3114,[u'dr inaam schneider is an excellent doctor  she is very caring about her patients and has a very good bedside manner  which is very hard to find these days!  \n\nshe treats you with respect and always stays on top of your health conditions  she is very attentive to every little detail of your overall health needs  which makes for a more comprehensive view and understanding of your health'  uprior to dr inaam schneider's move to another city  she was my physician for 25+ years  she is the most professional  thorough and compassionate physician i've ever had to privilege and honor of knowing  she takes excellent care of her patients    if she should make the decision to practice in her new location  i would travel 3+ hours to stay under her care  she is irreplaceable  u'dr inaam is one of the most personable  caring doctors anyone could hope for  she has a heart of gold  and will take the time to listen  to speak to you  and to find what works for you  i am privileged to know dr schneider and count myself very blessed to have her services as a doctor!'  u'dr inaam is a great listener  she listens to what you have to say and she finds out what will work best for you  her smile and mannerisms put you at ease when she walks in the room  she is a great doctor and person'  ui have known dr schneider for over 25 years and have always found her to be a very competent physician her bedside manner is top notch i'd recommend her to anyone who wants quality care  u'you are the best doctor i know and take time to answer all questions  i rate you #1']
3115,[u'i highly recommend dr may as a knowledgeable and experienced dentist his advice is excellent i would send any family member to him'  u'i commend dr may for his consistently outstanding comprehensive  informative  and  to the point articulate answers and advice']
3116,[udr malerman is an invaluable resource for his thorough  sound advice  he has mastered the art of dispensing a large amount of wisdom in 400 words  as he says medical docs don't know much about matters in front of the tonsils  and i learn so much from his posts!  he also is not shy about reinforcing the wisdom of his peers in both the medical and dental profession  u'dr malerman is not only an expert in his field but knows a lot about everything!  he is a welcomed asset to healthtap and a great patient advocate  highly recommended'  u'dr malerman has consistently shown thoughtful and useful advise to patients in his interactions  i highly recommend him for your orthodontic needs !'  udr malerman provides informative  to-the-point responses on healthtap  he's clearly a knowledgeable and caring orthodontist  u'dr  malerman has a vast fund of knowledge that allows for effectively contributing to this online community of health'  u'dr malerman answers truthfully  understandably and is a fountain of vast dental knowledge i doff my hat to him']
3117,[u'i have been impressed with dr minich pointed answers with knowledge  depth  wit  and kindness so  i highly recommend her to anyone looking for care / service from her specialty without reservation \r\n\r\n(james) chin-ti lin  md'  u'dr minich is a dedicated doctor  who has been actively answering complex medical questions with compassion  and insight she provides practical and solutions  and recommendations for patients great healthteam expert'  u'i highly endorse dr diane mimich as an expert in her field and as an asset to the healthtap community of experts she is knowledgeable  insightful and empathetic i think that she is an asset  to our physician panel'  u'i have learned a great deal from dr minich here on healthtap and have learned a great deal from her thoughtful  expert  and helpful answers to her patients i look forward to learning more from her!'  u'i recommend dr minich she is providing a valuable service to the public via healthtap she provides sensible  accurate and respectful input i endorse dr minich'  u'dr minich is an extremely knowledgeable physician who obviously care greatly for her patients and their health she is a terrific asset to the healthtap community!']
3118,[u'excellent clinician']
3119,[u'great doc!!']
3120,[ui have been reading & learning from dr ferguson's healthtap input for a number of months he is clearly very knowledgeable about pediatrics  infectious disease & a medicine in general the information he provides is balanced  accurate & always right on target  he has earned my respect  he is providing an excellent service to the public via health tap  i recommend dr ferguson  u'dr ferguson knows how to talk to kids and to parents as well  which is to say he is an expert in his field with effective execution  combined with warm bedside manner in caring for his anxious youthful patients  as well as their even more nervous parents bravo  dr ferguson!!! we learn much from you here on healthtap!'  ui am recommending dr ferguson for a 2nd time because he shares his compregensive knowledge of pediatrics in a straightforward  casual but authorative style also  he doesn't seem to mind comments from an aging feminist with a quirky point of view  u'highly knowledgeable and well respected has helped so many patients on health tap and in practice a treasure\r\nhighly recommend'  u'dr  ferguson has a vast fund of knowledge that allows for effectively contributing to this online community of health'  u'dr ferguson is an extremely well-informed physician  and his answers are wise and helpful  thanks  dr ferguson!']
3121,[u'he has excellent knowledge  judgement  know-how  and healthtap answers! a terrific combination of practical wisdom and scholarly experience'  u'excellent cardiologist  his posts are always informative for patients'  u'very helpful answers!']
3122,[u'dr kalus is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr kalus is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr kalus is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
3123,[u'a concise answer  compassion and experience is what you will get when dr mills answers one of your questions  such a great value to the healthtap community!'  u'thanks for your contribution at health tap']
3124,[uexcellent doctor not extraordinarily engaging but is willing to listen to everything you have going on and make a reasonable decision will not calling meds unnecessarily which is a huge plus for me but if they're needed and its appropriate she has no qualms intelligence and assertiveness are two very good qualities and the doctor and i fired a lot of doctors  udr svendsen added years to my mom's life when she correctly diagnosed her with (sadly) ovarian cancer mom spent months seeing several local doctors who didn't get it right highly recommended! a+  u'she views the body as a whole being and does not have an aversion to alternative medicines she listens to what i have to say and does not leave you feeling that the rx pad is always the cure-all'  ujust so you know  i didn't disconnect i've been having site issues today and have been disconnected from chat more than once i got the prescprtion i needed  ugreat doctor she calmly answered all of my questions placed me at ease definitely seems like she knows what she's doing would recommend her to anyone!!!  u'good  but my concern is because of my heart condition  i was hoping to get antibiotics  even if only a short supply  is there any possibility of this?']
3125,[u'looking forward to maintaining contact with you\nmichael kleerekoper'  u'great peds doc!!']
3126,[u'dr grobman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr grobman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
3127,[u'dr prasad is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr prasad is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
3128,[u'a fantastic surgeon! great answers  very helpful! thank you!']
3129,[ui first started seeing dr carroll when we found we were expecting our first child 7 years ago  i have since had two more babies  also delivered by him  and have continued my care with him as my gynecologist  i have found his manner to be consistently calm  clear and professional  he always takes time to listen to your questions and gives clear  understandable responses  during my pregnancies  i felt very reassured when discussing my care and wishes for my deliveries with him that he heard and respected me  i have recommended him to several of my friends who have also been very happy with their care and their choice in having him deliver their children  if you are looking for a good doctor who listens and is trustworthy you've found him  udr carroll is amazing to say the least! he has delivered 2 out of my 3 children my first was a nightmare (delivered elsewhere) with my second and third  dr carroll calmed all of my fears and made me feel completely at ease during my appointments all of my questions were answered and i always felt like my needs were being met he listened and respected what i wanted with my prenatal care  delivery and after care\n\nduring both of my c-sections i felt completely at ease there weren't any complications and i didn't have any pain at all i was home from the hospital within 2 days both times i wouldn't go anywhere else! i recommend him any chance i get there isn't a better doctor!  u'i had a women doctor for my first two pregnancies and was a little nervous about having a male doctor  we were highly refered to dr brendan carroll by a co-worker  i have been pleased not only with his bedside manner  but he takes the time to listen and address your concerns without making you feel rushed  he also is very discreet when checking the feminin area  dr carroll is very professional and also very personal as well'  uwhen booking my first appt the receptionist said he has very good bedside manner & she was right! he's very calm & knowledgeable & takes all the time you need to answer questions we even found our awesome pediatrician b/c of him we recently moved out of state & are greatly missing him & our pediatrician but he went out of his way to get recommendations from his contacts in our new area for both!  u'i have been visiting dr carroll for all of my obstetric and gynecology appointments for over 8 years now i appreciate his friendly and relaxed manner when i am in his office  he always takes his time explaining anything medically relevant  that might seem confusing or unclear him and his team go the extra mile for their patients  and that is a quality that is hard to find in a doctor nowadays!'  u'dr carroll is a wonderful doctor  he has a very warm and caring personality that makes you feel comfortable and at ease  when i became pregnant after having an ovarian cyst removed  he took extra precautions to make sure the pregnancy went as smoothly as possible  he is patient  supportive and clearly explains medical issues  i highly recommend him!']
3130,[u'dr reynolds is an excellent aba board certified pain physician; anesthesiologist  he has great fund of knowledge and stays current practicing evidence based medicine and techniques to manage a variety of pain patients  his experience  communication skills  and friendly demeanor allow his patients to build a good rapport with him as their physician  his office staff is friendly and efficient  patient referrals are seen very quickly  he is well liked and respected amongst his peers'  u'i endorse dr reynolds dr reynolds consistently delivers spot on  accurate and helpful information as a public service via avvocom i look forward to reading his entries as it enhances my knowledge about pain related  issues'  u'i endorse this doctor dr reynolds passion and knowledge are evident in his answers  his clarity and directness reflect a deep understanding of his specialty and interest in helping others']
3131,[uday after day  dr fowler answers scads of patient questions tirelessly while managing to handle each one with care and thoughtfulness she's earned the respect and admiration of many docs here as both a colleague and a leader - one who readily cheers us on and one who humanizes us all with the funny and folksy expressions that dot her answers (whoah nelly  indeed!)  hats off to dr fowler!  uwhen a physician has so many colleagues who admire her and her work  it should not be a surprise that she is an outstanding doctor but dr fowler has that something extra that almost seems magical she's a true humanitarian  and i consider it a blessing to have her be part of the healthtap community here's to you dr fowler  for all you are and do for patients and colleagues alike cheers!  ui've had the opportunity to interact with dr fowler for the last several months on the former avvo health website where she was the top doc bar none her answers to psychiatric questions are spot on and serve as an excellent source of information for non-psychiatrists this is complemented by her overall fund of general medical knowledge which she dispenses in a compassionate manner  uwow!  i decided to read the recommendations from other doctors before writing mine  five minutes later i still have not gotten to the bottom of the list  hard to add to all of this but i must say i love reading dr fowler's responses  concise  to the point and done with a sense of compassion and an endearing sense of humor  i highly recommend her and learn a lot from her  u'dr fowler is a conscientious contributor to the community  providing insightful opinions to people in need although many physicians are perhaps skeptical of the services this  and other medical information websites provide  there are a growing number of disenfranchised people out there who need some help  understanding  and kindness dr fowler helps provide all three'  ui only know dr fowler from interacting with her on avvocom  reading her answers  i can't help but sense the deep compassion this fine doctor possesses  she goes out of her way to answer people's questions  and will research topics that are not even in her area of expertise to provide assistance dr fowler comes across as a great doctor and a wonderful human being!]
3132,[u'thank you doctor for giving up your time to help  us #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower2'  u'dr galperin is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr galperin is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
3133,[u'an overall excellent physician and spine surgeon who posses a special trait in diagnosis and treatment of back pain'  u'excellent and knowledgeable in both general orthopedics and in spine subspecialty'  u'excellent spine surgeon']
3134,[u'i have shared patients with dr michaels since his early days in practice  over 20 years ago his patients routinely have raving reviews about his office  and love his bedside manner and professionalism i can recommend him without reservation!']
3135,[u'a concise answer  compassion and experience is what you will get when dr michalski answers one of your questions  such a great value to the healthtap community!'  u'i endorse dr michalski  he is a powerhouse of knowledge and provides an excellent service to the public via healthtap'  u'a kind and helpful expert who has helped so many\r\nhighly recommend'  u'great responses very accurate comes highly recommended'  u'very knowledgeable and an asset to the health tap system'  u'very timely and accurate responses']
3136,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
3137,[ui have a shoulder impingement i just started pain in my armpit of the same shoulder he was able to detect why i had pain when i put my chin to my chest i didn't mention my impingement he's right  u'he always answers quicklyon nights i was up scared he helped calm mei feel blessed to have a brilliant dr who will reach out and not ask for anything'  uhe answered back quickly even though i didn't get the answer i wanted  he was great help!  ui'm glad he answered my question that was puzzling to me  now i have some peace of mind  u'i am much obliged to dr colantino for his prompt and instructive information'  u'dr colantino is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
3138,[u'i learn a great deal from the information that dr encarnacion provides he is clearly very knowledgeable  about oncology and medicine in general i endorse dr encarnacion'  u'i highly recommend dr carlos encarnacion  he is highly knowledgeable and caring'  u'very accurate and timely responses'  u'excellent physician!'  u'excellent physician'  u'good doctor']
3139,[u'dr jacobson is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
3140,[u'dr gitomer is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr gitomer is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
3141,[u'your dedication and commitment to providing quality health consultation on healthtap is greatly admired and a true benefit to your patients keep up the good work'  u'dr christian mayaud is an excellent physician  his on the top of his field  he is a great asset to the people of ny  and to the family of health tap']
3142,[u'dr ross is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr ross is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
3143,[u'dr sorzano is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr sorzano is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
3144,[u'dr peralta is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr peralta is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
3145,[u'dr rosenfeld is a highly professional  kind  caring  and knowledgeable physician and surgeon i recommend him to anyone seeking quality care and advice']
3146,[u'very quick on a reply put my mind at ease with a medical issue thank you'  u'dr jain is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr jain is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'gave me good advice very pleased']
3147,[u'dr gabor  has an outstanding knowledge base of both diagnostic radiology and of medicine in general (across the board)  he is providing a valuable service to the public via healthtap i endorse dr gabor'  u'dr michael gabor is an excellent physician  very knowledgeable passionate  and on the top of his field he is a great value to the people of ny  and to the family of health tap'  u'dr gabor is a very knowledgeable and compassionate doctor always enjoy reading his insightful answers highly recommended'  u'understandable answers  educates us all both patients and doctors alike  generous and collaborative recommended to all!'  u'dr gabor has been an excellent consultant and is a great asset to thr healthtap prime physician community'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
3148,[u'dr askari is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr askari is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
3149,[u'dr bown is a sports/ physical medicine  virtuoso he provides an exellent public service to healthtap readers  his responses are informative  interesting and understandable i learn from him i recommend dr bowen'  u'i highly recommend dr bowen he provides a unique perspective to healthtap with his clinical background his answers are accurate  empathic and can be trusted for their accuracy thank you  dr bowen'  u'dr bowen is well respected in the physical medicine and rehab field he is careful and detailed in his answers to questions as a neurosurgeon  i find his insights/experience in concussion valuable'  ua thoughtful and helpful approach to answering patient's problems is what we need as a model to build this healthcare business the right way i am happy to recommend dr bowen as a colleague  u'he is an expert in toe walking  sports fitness  tendonitis  achilles tendonitis  musculoskeletal pain- he contributes to health tap and the community as well we are fortunate to have him'  u'i like the way dr bowen meet patients where they are  collaborates well with colleagues  and clearly is an expert in his field he is an asset to healthtap!']
3150,[u'i personally have had several patients see dr carter all have been pleased!']
3151,[u'dr horsley is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr horsley is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
3152,[u'dr moses is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr moses is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
3153,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
3154,[u'incredibly knowledgeable and caring huge level of experience from emergency room to battlefields !']
3155,[u'i have been following dr singh\'s answers for some time and am impressed in how easily his answers get right to the heart of the questions you might say that his answers all have a certain pop to them'  u'your dedication and commitment to providing quality health consultation on healthtap is greatly admired and a true benefit to your patients keep up the good work'  udr singh provides very informative answers that are right on track with the questions asked  he's a wonderful asset to the healthtap community!  u'dr singh  addresses patient questions in a concise  clear manner  with  links for additional information  excellent physician!'  u'prolific and insightful  dr singh is an important contributor valued by his patients and his physician colleagues'  u'i recommend this doctor  very insightful and i learn something new from these answers']
3156,[u'dr galyon is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr galyon is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
3157,[u'dr wulff is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr wulff is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
3158,[uexcellent answers and quick responses with very helpful and thoughtful information offered to patient's questions  u'top doctor']
3159,[u'dr bathaee is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr bathaee is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
3160,[ufrom reading dr wilson's responses  to questions asked to him  i would no hesitate to recommend him as your pain management specialist  dr ron jones]
3161,[ui give dr fung my highest endorsement  he is clearly a brilliant physician despite an incredibly busy career he continues to take time out to answer patient questions on healthtap  his level of knowledge combined with his compassion make him an exceptional physician he really makes a difference in people's lives i recommend dr fung without reservation]
3162,[u'excellent dermatopathologist!']
3163,[u'impressively bright and caring expert\r\nhighly recommend'  u'a warm  caring and smart physician!'  u'highly recommended-dave']
3164,[u'i have been impressed with dr minich pointed answers with knowledge  depth  wit  and kindness so  i highly recommend her to anyone looking for care / service from her specialty without reservation \r\n\r\n(james) chin-ti lin  md'  u'dr minich is a dedicated doctor  who has been actively answering complex medical questions with compassion  and insight she provides practical and solutions  and recommendations for patients great healthteam expert'  u'i highly endorse dr diane mimich as an expert in her field and as an asset to the healthtap community of experts she is knowledgeable  insightful and empathetic i think that she is an asset  to our physician panel'  u'i have learned a great deal from dr minich here on healthtap and have learned a great deal from her thoughtful  expert  and helpful answers to her patients i look forward to learning more from her!'  u'i recommend dr minich she is providing a valuable service to the public via healthtap she provides sensible  accurate and respectful input i endorse dr minich'  u'dr minich is an extremely knowledgeable physician who obviously care greatly for her patients and their health she is a terrific asset to the healthtap community!']
3165,[u'i endorse dr stuppy her contributions are very thoughtful and knowledgable lynann mastaj  dmd'  u'beautiful explanation of   elfin features in children  with williams syndrome']
3166,[ui highly recommend dr killian for his dedication and excellent and straightforward responses on healthtap he is clearly very knowledgeable in the area of human sexuality and sexually transmitted diseases as well as in men's health and excellent addition to the healthtap team  ui see dr k on line often giving expert and knowledgeable advice from a variety of topics including : human immunodeficiency virus  sexually transmitted infections  aids  gay  lesbian and transgender health  men's health he is a major contributer to the health tap community  udr killian has a vast amount of knowledge and a great ability to separate the wheat from the chaff in answering questions with clarity and wit i appreciate learning from him as much as i'm sure the readers do  too  u'dr killian is informative  clear  compassionate and interesting i look forward to seeing his replies and comments i always learn things that are helpful and often thought provoking a great resource!'  u'dr killian is very knowledgeable and his answers are a great resource to patients here on health tap  i find myself learning a lot from reading his entries'  u'outstanding and to the point answers and advice obviously a very knowledgeable  caring and dedicated doctor']
3167,[ui have enjoyed and learned from dr hoepfner's responses on this website  he demonstrates a wide ranging knowledge of medicine  yet is able to provide concise  relevant answers to patients' questions i recommend him  u'an excellent resource for patients and an asset to healthtap anybody who takes their personal time  to answer patient questions and does so without anything in return is fine by me'  u'i endorse this doctor  excellent information provided through avvocom as a public service very knowledgable with concise and helpful responses'  u'very knowledgable and quick responses  we need more doctors like dr hoepfner   excellent excellent!'  u'great  succinct answers to complex questions on healthtap  i recommend dr hoepfner'  u'a knowledgeable  caring  and dedicated physician']
3168,[u'dr ali is extremely knowledgeable  his answers always provide a wealth of resources and accurate information his expertise in medicine and psychiatry together with his compassionate clinical excellence  give the best standard of ethics and care to health tap i highly recommend dr ali'  udr ali is always ready to jump in and help patients on healthtap! he's highly knowledgeable and shares his expertise generously i imagine his own patients consider him kind and approachable  and that they feel lucky to have him in their corner  udr ali is easily one of the most ubiquitous presences on healthtap -- sharing his huge breadth of knowledge  wisdom  and wit  i've learned a great deal from him  and am grateful for his presence here  thanks  dr ali!  u'i always see dr ali online giving expert advice on fear of heights  bipolar disorder  panic attacks  borderline personality disorder  adderall he also reviews apps and is a major contributer to the health tap community'  u'i recommend dr ali for his dedication to healthtap  his clinical judgment  his fund of knowledge and his empathic interaction with those asking questions he is an excellent clinician who responses can be trusted'  u'dr ali gives superb advice in so many different areas apart from his excellent answers to just about all branches of psychiatry i have personally learned much from and am very thankful to him']
3169,[u'great to have someone here to consult with who specializes in emdr and trauma theory!']
3170,nan
3171,[u'dr fox has shown compassion and insight to all in her encounters  her knowledge and insight are keen  and her answers are on the money\r\n\r\ni highly recommend dr fox for her clinical and personal skills'  u'a concise answer  compassion and experience is what you will get when dr fox answers one of your questions  such a great value to the healthtap community!'  udr fox provides a wealth of informative  accurate  and compassionate answers to patients' questions on healthtap  she's a great asset to the site!  u'dr fox is an excellent and compassionate \r\npsychologist and always has best intention for his patient in mind '  u'dr fox provides excellent information about clinical psychology on healthtap i recommend dr fox'  u'great answers and comprehensive expertise for both patients and colleagues to learn from!']
3172,[u'i would recommend and endore dr davantizis without hesitation  dr davantzis does all he can to not only cut through the confusion that patients struggle with  but he does so with well-thought out and meaningful answers  he truly cares not only for his patients  but for the profession of dentistry'  u'i endorse this dentist  i have known dr davantzis professionally and personally for many years  his clinical and interpersonal skills are outstanding  he truly cares for his patients as if they were his own family  i would highly recommend him to anyone in need of dental care'  u'it is a pleasure to speak on behalf of a trusted and proficient colleague whom i have known for 30 years  ted is an intelligent  articulate  compassionate and highly capable clinician  his patients are quite fortunate to have him as their dentist'  u'dr davantzis demonstrates a clear commitment to the dental profession  and to the community his posts on avvo reflect his vast knowledge and expertise  i believe that he is an asset to his profession and to his patients!'  u'i endorse dr davantzis for his ongoing effort to help patients in need of dental advice  for his vast knowledge  and with whom i share his philosophies concerning dental treatment  he is a credit to our profession'  u'dr davantzis gives clear answers and explanantion in a very kind tone  i find myself in agreement with dr davantzis and i endorse this dentist  thank you dr davantzis for your professionalism\nzev kaufman  dds']
3173,[u'respected specialist in family medicine highly recommend'  u'very timely and accurate responses']
3174,[u'dr howard schneider is one of the leading pediatric dentists on long island  from the minute you walk in the door  you can tell that he is totally dedicated to patient comfort and the best possible care for your children dr schneider pays close attention to the details  he goes far above and beyond with continuing education i have a great deal of respect for him and recommend him highly'  u'dr howard schneider is accurate and succinct in his answers his background and experience clearly shines! dr don e millner magd ficoi'  u'top notch pediatric dentist with a wide range of knowledge  highly recommend'  u'a very knowledgeable and dedicated pediatric dentist'  u'great dentist!!!']
3175,[u'dr young is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr young is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
3176,[u'dr southard answers questions in a very succinct and thoughtful manner he has an obvious depth of knowledge that would benefit any patient'  u'patient  compassionate  encouraging  and obviously enjoys teaching medicine with clear explanations very highly recommend this physician'  u'highly recommend']
3177,[u'dr rovner is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr rovner is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
3178,[u'dr fisher is compassionate and caring about physicians and patients  he is a prime example of what a healthtap physician is and should be'  u'dr fisher provides informative  accurate answers on healthtap -- and also has a warm sense of humor  i recommend him!'  u'wonderful answers concise  complete and easy to understand for experts and lay people alike'  udan is the smartest internist i know if there's a puzzle to solve  he's the guy you want  u'provides excellent answers that educate not only patients but physicians too'  u'we worked together in guantanamo bay cuba an excellent physician']
3179,[udr bolding is a leader in the field of facial reconstruction and the treatment of tmj\r\nhis patient relationships exemplify his caring and compassionate attitude  we care for many trauma patients together and i'm always appreciative when dr bolding is on call with me]
3180,[u'dr salcedo  is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr salcedo  is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
3181,[u'dr sudilovsky is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr sudilovsky is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
3182,[u'dr haft is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr haft is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr haft is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
3183,[u'great dentist!!!']
3184,[u'dr andrew is one of the most responsive  knowlegdeable and nuturing experts on health tap we are fortunate to have her as part of the health tap community']
3185,[ui have reviewed many of dr po's answers and consultations he is extremely knowledgeable about infectious diseases and general medicine his consultations typically involve very complicated issues and he handles them with calm confidence i would recommend dr po to my patients without reservation  u'dr po is not only highly knowledgeable in infectious diseases and internal medicine  but his answers are always accurate  stated succinctly and understandably  and he has empathy and obviously cares about the people to whom he is responding'  u'i fully recommend dr john leander po to anyone needing his help as he seems to care deeply about his field of infectious disease great physician and colleague and asset to the community at healthtap!'  u'i endorse dr po dr po is clearly very knowledgable about infectious diseases and medicine in general he is providing a valuable service to the public via health tap'  u'you need only one doctor for infectious disease and he is dr john leander po highly recommended with no hesitation'  ui have complete confidence in dr po's management of my patient's infectious disease problems]
3186,[u'i am grateful to drgrin for educating not only myself  but all of us here at healthtap about pain management  and  moreover  i am grateful to him for his openness to the effects of psychotherapy i have encountered many pain practitioners who devalue therapy as being unneeded  and that medication solves everything no so for dr grin  and i am relieved he is more forward thinking & collaborative!'  u'what a great guy  excellent physician  wonderful colleague and all around genius in the area of pain as well in a surprising range of other areas  i learn from him every day and have recommended that my own daughter read his information to help sort out her tmj  he does not hesitate to tackle any question and returns clear explanations of the most complex issues seasoned with true compassion'  u'dr grin is a wonderful colleague and physician he is knowledgeable in multiple areas not only in the scope of pain management his genuine compassion is evident not only in the way he cares for patients  but for the community of physicians here on healthtap as well we are all lucky to have him share his wisdom with us!'  u'i am endorsing dr grin he is providing an excellent service to the public on healthtap the medical information  dr grin provides is accurate & understandable dr grin is clearly very knowledgeable about pain management and medicine in general'  uhave been reading dr grin's responses and have been impressed with his lucid explanations of issues that are difficult to explain to non-medical personnel he is thorough  concise  and provides excellent advice  u'i highly endorse dr paul grin as a healthtap and healthtap prime as an expert his commentaries and clinical insights are astute and educational to both patients and physicians he is an asset to our community']
3187,[u'respected specialist in family medicine highly recommend'  u'very timely and accurate responses']
3188,[u'dr lewis is a very caring physician who shares practical  knowledgeable answers on healthtap  i always enjoy his posts  and patients are lucky to have access to him here!'  u'dr lewis is providing an exceptional service to the public on healthtap his expertise in family medicine and medicine in general is very apparent  i recommend dr lewis'  u'fast  fantastic answers to often complex questions  truly an asset to the medical community a true national leader in primary care medicine'  u'dr lewis gives thoughtful and knowledgable answers'  u'very bright physician'  u'a great physician']
3189,[u'dr pinczower is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr pinczower is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'excellent care with fantastic outcome']
3190,[u'dr rao has a deep knowledge of an impressive array of medical topics he cuts straight to the heart of the matter and explains difficult topics in a manner that is very easy to understand the mississippi delta is very privileged to enjoy his service'  u'i highly recommend dr rao he is an outstanding physician  his expertise in medicine matches his compassion and care for patients an unique resource to both patients and doctors on health tap! \r\nthank you  you are great  dr rao!'  u'i am consistently impressed with the content and quality of the information that dr rao provides on health tap  he provides a real service to the public i recommend dr rao'  u'i recommend you as a well know expert in your field\r\ndr jakavick would recommend this dr to all who seek their expertise'  u'very informative answers   always quick to respond to patients   definitely a great doctor!'  u'dr rao provides great advice on healthtap he is on my referral network']
3191,[u'dr daly is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr daly is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
3192,[u'dr schwarzman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr schwarzman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'i am grateful for this doctor this thanksgiving!'  u'i am grateful for this doctor this thanksgiving!']
3193,[u'dr gabor  has an outstanding knowledge base of both diagnostic radiology and of medicine in general (across the board)  he is providing a valuable service to the public via healthtap i endorse dr gabor'  u'dr michael gabor is an excellent physician  very knowledgeable passionate  and on the top of his field he is a great value to the people of ny  and to the family of health tap'  u'dr gabor is a very knowledgeable and compassionate doctor always enjoy reading his insightful answers highly recommended'  u'understandable answers  educates us all both patients and doctors alike  generous and collaborative recommended to all!'  u'dr gabor has been an excellent consultant and is a great asset to thr healthtap prime physician community'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
3194,[u'dr harris is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr harris is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
3195,[u'i am grateful to drgrin for educating not only myself  but all of us here at healthtap about pain management  and  moreover  i am grateful to him for his openness to the effects of psychotherapy i have encountered many pain practitioners who devalue therapy as being unneeded  and that medication solves everything no so for dr grin  and i am relieved he is more forward thinking & collaborative!'  u'what a great guy  excellent physician  wonderful colleague and all around genius in the area of pain as well in a surprising range of other areas  i learn from him every day and have recommended that my own daughter read his information to help sort out her tmj  he does not hesitate to tackle any question and returns clear explanations of the most complex issues seasoned with true compassion'  u'dr grin is a wonderful colleague and physician he is knowledgeable in multiple areas not only in the scope of pain management his genuine compassion is evident not only in the way he cares for patients  but for the community of physicians here on healthtap as well we are all lucky to have him share his wisdom with us!'  u'i am endorsing dr grin he is providing an excellent service to the public on healthtap the medical information  dr grin provides is accurate & understandable dr grin is clearly very knowledgeable about pain management and medicine in general'  uhave been reading dr grin's responses and have been impressed with his lucid explanations of issues that are difficult to explain to non-medical personnel he is thorough  concise  and provides excellent advice  u'i highly endorse dr paul grin as a healthtap and healthtap prime as an expert his commentaries and clinical insights are astute and educational to both patients and physicians he is an asset to our community']
3196,[u'dr sample is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr sample is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
3197,[u'i recommend dr beresh  he is an asset to healthtap and is well respected in the medical community'  u'i believe he is honest and sincere  his knowledge is excellent'  u'will follow you on health tap'  u'highly recommended-dave'  u'very knowledgeable']
3198,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'good doc w/ broad knowledge base']
3199,[u'dr otchere-boateng is a very knowledgeable and compassionate doctor always enjoy reading his insightful answers recommended']
3200,[u'dr bluhm is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr bluhm is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
3201,[u'a concise answer  compassion and experience is what you will get when dr sudler answers one of your questions  such a great value to the healthtap community!'  udr sudler is extremely knowledgeable on a vast range of subjects important to most of the healthtap community  he's a valuable asset to healthtap]
3202,[u'dr goodman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr goodman is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
3203,[u'dr armstrong is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr armstrong is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
3204,[u'dr rao has a deep knowledge of an impressive array of medical topics he cuts straight to the heart of the matter and explains difficult topics in a manner that is very easy to understand the mississippi delta is very privileged to enjoy his service'  u'i highly recommend dr rao he is an outstanding physician  his expertise in medicine matches his compassion and care for patients an unique resource to both patients and doctors on health tap! \r\nthank you  you are great  dr rao!'  u'i am consistently impressed with the content and quality of the information that dr rao provides on health tap  he provides a real service to the public i recommend dr rao'  u'i recommend you as a well know expert in your field\r\ndr jakavick would recommend this dr to all who seek their expertise'  u'very informative answers   always quick to respond to patients   definitely a great doctor!'  u'dr rao provides great advice on healthtap he is on my referral network']
3205,[u'dr rubenstein is a very good doctor  he answers questions in a very clear and easy to understand manner  i highly recommend him'  u'dr rubenstein is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr rubenstein is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
3206,[udr mellow is a great example of a general internist in a solo practice in manhattan  where her practice includes preventive medicine and women's health  among other areas  u'great doctor']
3207,[u'dr seidenberg is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr seidenberg is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
3208,[u'i consistently learn from the information that dr namey provides on health  tap he is clearly very knowledgable in rheumatology and medicine in general i think that he would be the doctor i would want to see if i developed rheumatologic problems i recommend dr namey'  u'a concise answer  compassion and experience is what you will get when dr namey answers one of your questions  such a great value to the healthtap community!'  u'dr namey provides thoughtful  on-target answers in an impressive array of areas  i always look forward to reading his responses!'  u'thoughtful and well phrased intelligent responses to complex issues makes dr namey a valuable resource'  u'i highly recommend doctor thomas namey for expertise in the field of rheumatology'  uanswers patient's questions in a timely manner  very knowledgeable!]
3209,[u'in your experience  were the cases with hiv combo test negative at 42 or 62 days and to be an positive after 42 or 62 days?in your experience  have you heard any case?'  u'dr lutwick is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr lutwick is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr lutwick is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'i heart this doctor!'  u'thank you doctor :)']
3210,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'highly recommend']
3211,[u'dr mumneh is providing an outstanding service to the public through healthtap she is clearly very knowledgeable about internal medicine  allergy  immunology & medicine in general i endorse dr mumneh'  u'dr nayla z mumneh is an excellent physician very knowledgeable passionate and on the top of his field he is a great value to the peolpe of nj and to the family of health tap'  u'is an expert in hereditary angioedema  allergic rhinitis  chronic sinusitis  runny nose  stuffed nose and has been a valuable asset on health tap to its members and community'  u'communicative and knowledgeable he would be an excellent source of care for any patient with allergies or problems with the immune system'  u'i highly endorse dr mumneh as an expert on the hhealthtap and healthtap prime networks his comment are both astute and educational'  u'nayla provides useful and practical content for a wide variety of questions']
3212,[u'an overall excellent physician and spine surgeon who posses a special trait in diagnosis and treatment of back pain'  u'excellent and knowledgeable in both general orthopedics and in spine subspecialty'  u'excellent spine surgeon']
3213,[u'dr landi is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr landi is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
3214,[u'drgallo is a prolific writer and an international expert on energy tapping his answers are straight-forward  well-reasoned  and free of therapeutic bias his responses show a deep concern for his fellow human beings i highly recommend him'  u'great answers! very helpful!']
3215,[ui enjoy reading dr kwok's advice on health tap i'm impressed by the broad scope of his medical knowledge  his sense of humor and his skill in explaining medical issues to patients in plain english without resorting to medical jargon he is an asset to health tap  u'dr kwok is a kind and knowledgable physician who is always a pleasure to interact and work with  i would highly recommend as a pediatrician in the south bay area!'  ufast  fantastic answers to often complex questions  truly an asset to the medical community a true national leader in children's health care  u'committed to next generation healthcare while maintaining the humanity of physician-patient interaction  knowledgeable and experienced'  udr kwok's posts are always thought provoking  one can truly see the commitment and passion to medicine  keep the great answers coming  u'excellent contributor to healthtap extremely knowledgeable and graciously shares his gifts with the world and he has a lot to share!']
3216,[u'excellent  comprehensive and thoughtful answers that show compassionate care'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'very knowledgable doctor   great answers and a great doctor to follow!']
3217,[u'i endorse this dentist chad is really good with patients and is great at taking emergencies immediately'  u'i endorse this dentist chad is a great oral surgeon with excellent personality'  u'dr gretzula a gentle practitioner  he is an excellent oral surgeon'  u'i endorse this dentist'  u'i endorse this dentist'  u'i endorse this dentist']
3218,[u'dr valadi is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr valadi is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
3219,[u'dr heston is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr heston is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr heston is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
3220,[u'dr haft is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr haft is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr haft is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
3221,[u'dr fricke takes the time to provide answers rich in substance and educational information  the more i read of her contributions  the more i am humbled by the extraordinarily high quality of her responses to even the most complex questions  although we share a specialty  i learn from her every day and strive to approach her level of knowledge and ability to teach'  uin reading and reviewing dr johanna fricke's answers i am impressed how she is able to convey information about the precious things in our lives - our children - in a concise and detailed manner and at the same time some how make you feel reassured at the same time  i wish i live in las vegas so she could be my pediatrician!  i highly recommend her  u'if your child has a developmental  learning  or behavioral problem  a developmental-behavioral pediatrician  dr johanna fricke   has the training and expertise to evaluate and care for your child do not hesitate to refer your family ad friends she is the best in las vegas  nv sincerely and respectfully  drpaul grin'  u'i have known dr fricke for many years  having trained at the same institution i have reviewed many of her answers and consultations on healthtap and have found them to be insightful and thorough her documentation is clear and easily understood by patients i would recommend her highly'  u'i find myself wishing i had a dr fricke to turn to while i was raising my daughter her combination of knowledge  understanding  clarity  compassion and good sense is just well   great children and parents will all benefit from her answers and warmth'  u'excellent well thought out answers an excellent resource for patients and an asset to healthtap anybody who takes their personal time  to answer patient questions and does so without anything in return is fine by me']
3222,[udr sneid's presence is so important on healthtap  as there are many endocrine related disorders discussed he's an expert providing relevant  and timely answers to an audience (patients)  who needs his help  and recommendations his advice has been accurate  concise  and helpful  u'dr david sneid is an excellent endocrinologist and clinician his responses are detailed and brimming with medical knowledge across multiple specialties dr sneid is also kind and caring i am happy to  have him as my colleague on healthtap!'  u'dr sneid has consistently shown thoughtful and useful advise to patients in his interactions he is an expert in his field i highly recommend him for your health care needs !'  u'dr sneid provides an excellent service to the public through health  tap his responses have just  the right degree of humor  accuracy and information  i recommend dr sneid'  u'very knowledgeable physician with a terrific  direct and down to earth approach to patient concerns  honored to work with him here at healthtap!'  u'excellent answers to difficult questions that provide understanding for the patients and for the physicians outside this area of practice']
3223,[u'a concise answer  compassion and experience is what you will get when dr rottman answers one of your questions  such a great value to the healthtap community!  i should know  i went to school with him!']
3224,[u'dr wilf is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr wilf is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
3225,[u'being trained  licensed  & board certified both medically (both otolaryngology and facial plastic & reconstructive surgery) and dentally (oral & maxillofacial surgery) drgallia is in possession of an incredibly impressive breadth of training  knowledge  and experience in his field  his answers to questions are clear  precise  & very helpful &it is my pleasure to recommend him very highly indeed'  u'although i live far from dr lou  i have had the chance to see his recommendations  his accolades and his patient satisfaction i highly recommend dr lou for his experience  recognition nationally and his devotion to his community of patients'  u'great doctor he gets right to the point  addresses the issue in a straightforward manner and tells you who to follow up with what more could you want glad to have him here on healthtapcom impressed with his tmj expertise'  u'i have known dr gallia to be extremely knowledgable as an oral surgeon and have been very pleased with the way he has teated my patients  i have no hesitation in recommending him'  u'dr gallia is an expert in his field and i highly recommend searching him out for answers relating to ent  maxillofacial  tmj  and other related areas of interest!'  u'not your basic or all surgeon  best of the best! very experience oral surgeon many additional specialties definitely in good hands and highly recommended!']
3226,[u'dr wulff is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr wulff is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
3227,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'great  compassionate doc!'  u'great responses']
3228,[u'dr bryan kurtz is an excellent physician very knowledgeable passionate and on the top of his field he is a great value to the peolpe of tn and to the family of health tap']
3229,[u'dr richards is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr richards is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'thanks for the instant reply!']
3230,[u'dr murphy is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr murphy is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'helpful information quick response']
3231,[u'i am grateful to drgrin for educating not only myself  but all of us here at healthtap about pain management  and  moreover  i am grateful to him for his openness to the effects of psychotherapy i have encountered many pain practitioners who devalue therapy as being unneeded  and that medication solves everything no so for dr grin  and i am relieved he is more forward thinking & collaborative!'  u'what a great guy  excellent physician  wonderful colleague and all around genius in the area of pain as well in a surprising range of other areas  i learn from him every day and have recommended that my own daughter read his information to help sort out her tmj  he does not hesitate to tackle any question and returns clear explanations of the most complex issues seasoned with true compassion'  u'dr grin is a wonderful colleague and physician he is knowledgeable in multiple areas not only in the scope of pain management his genuine compassion is evident not only in the way he cares for patients  but for the community of physicians here on healthtap as well we are all lucky to have him share his wisdom with us!'  u'i am endorsing dr grin he is providing an excellent service to the public on healthtap the medical information  dr grin provides is accurate & understandable dr grin is clearly very knowledgeable about pain management and medicine in general'  uhave been reading dr grin's responses and have been impressed with his lucid explanations of issues that are difficult to explain to non-medical personnel he is thorough  concise  and provides excellent advice  u'i highly endorse dr paul grin as a healthtap and healthtap prime as an expert his commentaries and clinical insights are astute and educational to both patients and physicians he is an asset to our community']
3232,[uhi doc:\r\ngood advice!!\r\ni've added your to my network and recommended you\r\ni would appreciate a return of the favor\r\ni'm on omfs in sacramento  ca\r\nspecial interest tmj disorders\r\nthanks\r\nlouis gallia md  dmd  facs  u'i highly endorse and recommend dr hettinger as an outstanding expert in the healthtap prime community his expertise in podiatry is most certainly appreciated and educational'  u'knowledgeable expert in podiatry gives clear  accurate answers highly recommend'  u'i recommend this physician!']
3233,[u'dr shabazz offers a valuable public service through health tap she is clearly knowledgable about family practice & does an excellent job providing medical information i recommend dr shabazz'  u'i recommend this physician']
3234,[u'i am grateful to drgrin for educating not only myself  but all of us here at healthtap about pain management  and  moreover  i am grateful to him for his openness to the effects of psychotherapy i have encountered many pain practitioners who devalue therapy as being unneeded  and that medication solves everything no so for dr grin  and i am relieved he is more forward thinking & collaborative!'  u'what a great guy  excellent physician  wonderful colleague and all around genius in the area of pain as well in a surprising range of other areas  i learn from him every day and have recommended that my own daughter read his information to help sort out her tmj  he does not hesitate to tackle any question and returns clear explanations of the most complex issues seasoned with true compassion'  u'dr grin is a wonderful colleague and physician he is knowledgeable in multiple areas not only in the scope of pain management his genuine compassion is evident not only in the way he cares for patients  but for the community of physicians here on healthtap as well we are all lucky to have him share his wisdom with us!'  u'i am endorsing dr grin he is providing an excellent service to the public on healthtap the medical information  dr grin provides is accurate & understandable dr grin is clearly very knowledgeable about pain management and medicine in general'  uhave been reading dr grin's responses and have been impressed with his lucid explanations of issues that are difficult to explain to non-medical personnel he is thorough  concise  and provides excellent advice  u'i highly endorse dr paul grin as a healthtap and healthtap prime as an expert his commentaries and clinical insights are astute and educational to both patients and physicians he is an asset to our community']
3235,[u'dr khubchandani is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr khubchandani is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
3236,[udr sneid's presence is so important on healthtap  as there are many endocrine related disorders discussed he's an expert providing relevant  and timely answers to an audience (patients)  who needs his help  and recommendations his advice has been accurate  concise  and helpful  u'dr david sneid is an excellent endocrinologist and clinician his responses are detailed and brimming with medical knowledge across multiple specialties dr sneid is also kind and caring i am happy to  have him as my colleague on healthtap!'  u'dr sneid has consistently shown thoughtful and useful advise to patients in his interactions he is an expert in his field i highly recommend him for your health care needs !'  u'dr sneid provides an excellent service to the public through health  tap his responses have just  the right degree of humor  accuracy and information  i recommend dr sneid'  u'very knowledgeable physician with a terrific  direct and down to earth approach to patient concerns  honored to work with him here at healthtap!'  u'excellent answers to difficult questions that provide understanding for the patients and for the physicians outside this area of practice']
3237,[u'dr lullove is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr lullove is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
3238,[u'dr urrutia is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr urrutia is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'i heart this doctor!']
3239,[u'revommemded']
3240,[u'very accurate and timely responses']
3241,[ui am grateful for dr fairchild's presence here she collaborates well with colleagues and has excellent bedside manner we learn much from her here on healthtap  both patients and doctors alike!  u'it\'s great finding another doc testing everyone for mthfr since it appears that many docs have never even heard of it  let alone know how to treat  great to find a partner in cure :)'  u'dr fairchild is an extremely knowledgeable  generous  and helpful physician whose answers are concise and on target  she had taught me a great deal  and i highly recommend her'  u'i learn a lot about integrative medicine through dr fairchild  the information she provides is accurate & understandable i recommend dr fairchild'  u'dr fairchild is a great integrative medicine physician her plans are clear and her knowledge vast'  u'a nurturing  knowledgeable and caring integrative medicine physician']
3242,[u'dr hakimi is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr hakimi is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
3243,[udr malerman is an invaluable resource for his thorough  sound advice  he has mastered the art of dispensing a large amount of wisdom in 400 words  as he says medical docs don't know much about matters in front of the tonsils  and i learn so much from his posts!  he also is not shy about reinforcing the wisdom of his peers in both the medical and dental profession  u'dr malerman is not only an expert in his field but knows a lot about everything!  he is a welcomed asset to healthtap and a great patient advocate  highly recommended'  u'dr malerman has consistently shown thoughtful and useful advise to patients in his interactions  i highly recommend him for your orthodontic needs !'  udr malerman provides informative  to-the-point responses on healthtap  he's clearly a knowledgeable and caring orthodontist  u'dr  malerman has a vast fund of knowledge that allows for effectively contributing to this online community of health'  u'dr malerman answers truthfully  understandably and is a fountain of vast dental knowledge i doff my hat to him']
3244,[u'dr griswold is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
3245,[u'dr gabor  has an outstanding knowledge base of both diagnostic radiology and of medicine in general (across the board)  he is providing a valuable service to the public via healthtap i endorse dr gabor'  u'dr michael gabor is an excellent physician  very knowledgeable passionate  and on the top of his field he is a great value to the people of ny  and to the family of health tap'  u'dr gabor is a very knowledgeable and compassionate doctor always enjoy reading his insightful answers highly recommended'  u'understandable answers  educates us all both patients and doctors alike  generous and collaborative recommended to all!'  u'dr gabor has been an excellent consultant and is a great asset to thr healthtap prime physician community'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
3246,[u'dr rubenstein is a highly knowledgeable and compassionate doctor enjoy reading his answers recommended'  u'a very dedicated dentist with years of knowledge and experience'  u'great dentist']
3247,[u'dr pousti is a dedicated  devoted and hard working plastic surgeon and  well rounded physician with an incredible work ethic who seeks perfection in all his efforts and undertakings his results are outstanding and reflect his exceptional skills'  u'dr pousti is an excellent plastic surgeon his knowledge and bedside manner are world class i worked with him and refer my patients to him because i trust him and his work'  u'dr pousti is one of the leading plastic surgeons in the region i would highly recommend him for someone considering plastic surgery'  u'very knowledgeable plastic surgeon great answers\r\nhighly recommend'  u'great responses very accurate comes highly recommended'  u'accurate concise answers to questions']
3248,[u'dr chan hwang is an excellent physician  whose compassion and care is demonstrated by his thoughtful answers given to patients his broad range of expertise in areas outside of physiatry is invaluable in adding further weight to his clinical acumen  in providing advice to so many patients  he is serving  and helping at such a high level as a health tap physician  and medical consultant'  u'dr hwang is providing an excellent service to the public via healthtap i endorse dr hwang'  u'dr hwang is compassionate and holistic what a wonderful combination!'  u'excellent pm&r doctor great advice on medical issues']
3249,[u'great doc!!']
3250,[u'expert specialist in internal medicine highly recommend']
3251,[u'i have had the opportunity of doing over a hundred cases with dr khorsandi  and he constantly impresses me with his level of professionalism  his attention to detail and overall ability  i strongly recommend him to anyone i meet who either needs hand or plastic surgery'  u'a professional surgeon who practices not only the science of medicine  but the art of surgery  highly recommend  from personal and professional interaction dr khorsandi has always had a great bedside manner and ability to work with all patients and people'  ui've had the pleasure to work with dr khorsandi for over three years doing both hand and plastic surgeries he is a consummate professional  has excellent bedside manner and surgical judgement  u'i personally dont know drkhorsandi  but my patients can\'t stop praising his work and just a down to earth great doc'  u'gives good medical advice and is caring']
3252,[u'dr tran is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr tran is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
3253,[u'dr gabor  has an outstanding knowledge base of both diagnostic radiology and of medicine in general (across the board)  he is providing a valuable service to the public via healthtap i endorse dr gabor'  u'dr michael gabor is an excellent physician  very knowledgeable passionate  and on the top of his field he is a great value to the people of ny  and to the family of health tap'  u'dr gabor is a very knowledgeable and compassionate doctor always enjoy reading his insightful answers highly recommended'  u'understandable answers  educates us all both patients and doctors alike  generous and collaborative recommended to all!'  u'dr gabor has been an excellent consultant and is a great asset to thr healthtap prime physician community'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
3254,[u'i highly endorse dr khondker as an expert on both healthtap and healthtap prime his commentaries and insights  are astute and educational for both patients and physicians alike he is an asset to the healthtap community of physicians'  u'dr khondker is a compassionate and knowledgeable physician his answers are on point pleasure to have as a healthtap colleague!'  u'thorough and compassionate answers  with excellent collaboration with colleagues'  u'respected specialist in internal medicine highly recommend'  u'good solid fund of information'  u'voted for you']
3255,[u'dr davant is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr davant is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
3256,[u'dr shakov is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr shakov is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
3257,[u'dr gabor  has an outstanding knowledge base of both diagnostic radiology and of medicine in general (across the board)  he is providing a valuable service to the public via healthtap i endorse dr gabor'  u'dr michael gabor is an excellent physician  very knowledgeable passionate  and on the top of his field he is a great value to the people of ny  and to the family of health tap'  u'dr gabor is a very knowledgeable and compassionate doctor always enjoy reading his insightful answers highly recommended'  u'understandable answers  educates us all both patients and doctors alike  generous and collaborative recommended to all!'  u'dr gabor has been an excellent consultant and is a great asset to thr healthtap prime physician community'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
3258,[u'dr rakita is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr rakita is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
3259,[u'dr chen is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr chen is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
3260,[u'dr pollizzi is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr pollizzi is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
3261,[u'dr howard schneider is one of the leading pediatric dentists on long island  from the minute you walk in the door  you can tell that he is totally dedicated to patient comfort and the best possible care for your children dr schneider pays close attention to the details  he goes far above and beyond with continuing education i have a great deal of respect for him and recommend him highly'  u'dr howard schneider is accurate and succinct in his answers his background and experience clearly shines! dr don e millner magd ficoi'  u'top notch pediatric dentist with a wide range of knowledge  highly recommend'  u'a very knowledgeable and dedicated pediatric dentist'  u'great dentist!!!']
3262,[u'dr abrebaya is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr abrebaya is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
3263,[u'dr kessler is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr kessler is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'i am grateful for this doctor this thanksgiving!']
3264,[u'very thoughtful extremely knowledgeable a great doctor a great human being it is my pleasure to be able to write this recommendation'  u'dr rafat provides excellent information on podiatry to the public via healthtap'  u'dr raft enjoys his practice and wants to share his knowledge-dave'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
3265,[u'when asked about acute pancreatic attack  after 8 moths he advised not a good idea to drink alcohol if it caused it good advice and better than saying drink and in away that feels like punishment thx'  u'dr den replied very quickly-i appreciate that so much-even had a chart that i was able to view'  u'have seen a reumtologist buy they have no answers for me what could be wrong???'  u'dr den is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr den is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr den is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
3266,[u'i endorse dr weisman board certified in neurology  behavioral neurology & neuropsychiatry - he brings a vast wealth of knowledge to healthtap the information he provides  is cutting edge  accurate and understandable  dr weisman is providing an invaluable service to the public via healthtap'  u'eric is one of the most brilliant and talented neurologists that i have had the pleasure of collaborating with in my functional integrated medicine practice   he is beautifully trained  and is extremely skilled  i recommend him without reservation'  uit is a pleasure to read dr weisman's responses he comes to healthtap with an impressive background in more than just medicine he is extremely well rounded his answers are poignant and straight-forward i recommend him highly  u'gives great answers to patients and collaborates generously and effectively with colleagues personable and easily approachable by one and all we are lucky to have him here!'  u'your dedication and commitment to providing quality health consultation on healthtap is greatly admired and a true benefit to your patients'  u'impressive and clearly caring specialist with a great skill for teaching those of us  who can only stand in the shadow of neurologists']
3267,[u'dr rosenberg has outstanding credentials  and his expertise  knowledge  concern for his patients  and ability to communicate in a clear  concise and effective manner is obvious  he is an asset to his profession  his community and as a contributor to the avvo forum'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'great answers  very knowledgeable  a very good doctor to follow'  u'great doctor to follow extremely accurate answers']
3268,[u'a very knowledgeable dentist with excellent  thorough  to the point and articulate answers and advice'  u'great dds!!']
3269,[u'dr elboim is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr elboim is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
3270,[u'dr marxen is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr marxen is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
3271,[umost people spend more time shopping for a new car than they select a physician it's important to find a physician you trust and feel comfortable with drdr jeffrey j juchau  is the only one you and your family need to know he is a human being who cares about people i'm really learning a lot from him highly recommended  udr juchau is truly the kind of doc i would love to both work in a practice with and to have as my own physician he's really bright  well educated  dedicated  personable  genuine and caring we need more like dr juchau in this field!  u'helpful to patients with a comprehensive general knowledge need to patients where they are effectively and collaborates well with colleagues i recommend dr juchau to both patients and colleagues alike!'  udr juchau's responses are brief  to the point  always accurate and a pleasure to read recommend him highly any family would be privileged to have him as their doctor  u'i enjoy  and learn from reading information shared by dr juchau  he is providing an excellent service to the public via healthtap i recommend dr juchau'  u'dedicated  knowledgable and kind doctor highly recommended to whomever needs a new primary care doctor and also an honor to know him on healthtap']
3272,[u'dr gabor  has an outstanding knowledge base of both diagnostic radiology and of medicine in general (across the board)  he is providing a valuable service to the public via healthtap i endorse dr gabor'  u'dr michael gabor is an excellent physician  very knowledgeable passionate  and on the top of his field he is a great value to the people of ny  and to the family of health tap'  u'dr gabor is a very knowledgeable and compassionate doctor always enjoy reading his insightful answers highly recommended'  u'understandable answers  educates us all both patients and doctors alike  generous and collaborative recommended to all!'  u'dr gabor has been an excellent consultant and is a great asset to thr healthtap prime physician community'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
3273,[uwhat a delight it is to read dr friedlander's posts he is direct and his advice is personalized clearly he's kind as he tells it like it is  without waffling while doing so  he also recognizes full well that we all deserve respect  frankness  and honesty when dosing out wisdom  whether to patients  the public  or his peers  u'very knowledgeable and capable of conveying his thoughts in a very clear way uncommon gift of empathy for those asking the questions  yet answers directly and unhesitatingly it is a pleasure to read his responses and to learn from him for a pathologist i find him refreshingly conversant with the living!'  u'dr friedlander is an excellent physician who really knows what he is talking about i am sincerely happy to be in connection with him on healthtap i highly recommend dr friedlander: his straightforward excellent answers are a great resource both to patients & drs thank you dr friedlander !'  u'dr friedlander is an extremely knowledgeable physician who continually gives superb advice on an incredible range of medical conditions hi9s answers are always accurate & totally reliable we are very fortunate to have him as a colleague on healthtap'  u'as a former student of dr friedlander i can say that he is quite brilliant and very quick with often very insightful and helpful witticisms  he has a great love of medicine and  i believe  an even greater love of teaching medicine to others'  u'a very knowledgable individual i had the privilege of attending his pathology course as a medical student in kansas city  mo i have appreciated his contribution to my education and value the solid core foundation he contributed in providing']
3274,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
3275,[u'i would  like to welcome dr  bradley to avvocom he is providing a valuable public service through his insightful responses on avvocom'  u'dr bradley has provided insightful  compassionate and well thought out answers on avvo  he is a welcome addition to the avvo community'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'i enjoy your comments useful and practical']
3276,[udr klauber's sharp eyes and mind as well as witty to-the-point writing has irresistibly moved my fingers to type my highest recommendation for his professional capacity for anyone seeking the high standard of care so  go to see him if in need for his care \r\n(james) chin-ti lin  md  u'excellent well thought out answers an excellent resource for patients and an asset to healthtap anybody who takes their personal time  to answer patient questions and does so without anything in return is fine by me'  u'i recommend dr klauber he clearly is very  very knowledgeable about pediatric urology and many other areas of medicine he is providing an excellent public service through health tap'  u'dr george t klauber is an excellent physician very knowledgeable passionate and on the top of his field he is a great value to the peolpe of ma and to the family of health tap'  u'drklauber gives very helpful and correct advice to virtual patients in both adult and pediatric urology and in other medical wpecialties yoo he is a real asset'  u'dr klauber provides very knowledgeable answers and a compassionate heart on healthtap  i appreciate his contributions  and recommend him']
3277,[u'i do recommend dr anyanwu with no reservation  to anyone seeking for a caring  comprehensive care from his specialty because i have been impressed with his pointed answers to inquiry with knowledge  wit  and kindness\r\n\r\nso  see him whenever you may need his service\r\n\r\n(james) chin-ti lin\r\nwwwformefirstcom'  u'dr jovita anyanwu is an excellent diagnostician and a caring physician  this is evident in her clear  concise  and knowledgeable patient responses  her tip tap contributions are also very informative  i am pleased to serve with dr anyanwu as a colleague on healthtap'  u'dr anyanwu has been an excellent addition to the healthtap team her answers show experienced clinical judgment and are clear and to the point i recommend her without reservation d jacobson  md'  u'dr anyanwu has consistently shown thoughtful and useful advise to patients in his interactions he is an expert in his field \r\n\r\ni highly recommend him for your health care needs !'  u'i recommend dr anyanwu i look forward to reading the information she shares on healthtap she provides accurate  clear & compassionate responses i endorse dr anyanwu'  u'patient with all his answers despite questions that may seem trivial and unnecessary knowledgeable and kind in his replies to all questions thank you dr jovita']
3278,[u'i do recommend dr anyanwu with no reservation  to anyone seeking for a caring  comprehensive care from his specialty because i have been impressed with his pointed answers to inquiry with knowledge  wit  and kindness\r\n\r\nso  see him whenever you may need his service\r\n\r\n(james) chin-ti lin\r\nwwwformefirstcom'  u'dr jovita anyanwu is an excellent diagnostician and a caring physician  this is evident in her clear  concise  and knowledgeable patient responses  her tip tap contributions are also very informative  i am pleased to serve with dr anyanwu as a colleague on healthtap'  u'dr anyanwu has been an excellent addition to the healthtap team her answers show experienced clinical judgment and are clear and to the point i recommend her without reservation d jacobson  md'  u'dr anyanwu has consistently shown thoughtful and useful advise to patients in his interactions he is an expert in his field \r\n\r\ni highly recommend him for your health care needs !'  u'i recommend dr anyanwu i look forward to reading the information she shares on healthtap she provides accurate  clear & compassionate responses i endorse dr anyanwu'  u'patient with all his answers despite questions that may seem trivial and unnecessary knowledgeable and kind in his replies to all questions thank you dr jovita']
3279,[u'dr ottestad is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr ottestad is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
3280,[u'dr stuchin is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
3281,[u'i strongly recommend dr frank amico to patients seeking care he is such a dedicated physician and impressive interventional cardiologist  who really cares about his patients he is passionate about his work & saving livesplus  he has a great sense of humor & knows how to make a patient feel relaxed & comforted with his compassion his vast knowledge & skills make him a true asset in healthtap'  u'i highly endorse dr frank amico as an expert on healthtap and healthtap prime his clinical insigts and comments are astutue and educational for both patients and physicians alike he is an asset to the healthtap community of experts'  u'i learned a great deal from dr amico clearly an expert in his field  with excellent  humane bedside manner works and collaborates equally effectively with both patients and colleagues healthtap is lucky to have him!'  u'dr amico is one of the best and most thorough physicians around i highly recommend him for any and all of your health needs and questions'  u'i endorse dr amico he is clearly a knowledgeable internist and is providing a valuable service to the public via healthtap'  u'an insightful physician whose answers are always on point']
3282,[u'dr connor is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr connor is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
3283,[u'dr oscar novick is an excellent pediatrician who demonstrates a wide-breadth of knowledge across medical specialties his responses are concise  practical  and insightful and i look forward to reading them additionally he is kind and caring as reflected in his answers i am happy to have dr novick as my colleague on healthtap!'  ui like & admire dr novick 's vastness of passion & compassion  wealth in his specialty knowledge  and keen instinct to conjecture useful solutions beyond available facts so  i recommend him without reservation to anyone in need for his specialty care and service \r\n\r\n(james) chin-ti lin  md  u'dr novick is clearly has an outstanding knowledge of pediatrics he is providing an excellent service to the public via healhtap the information he provides is understandable  accurate & compassionate i endorse dr novick'  u'excellent well thought out answers an excellent resource for patients and an asset to healthtap anybody who takes their personal time  to answer patient questions and does so without anything in return is fine by me'  u'i am always amazed at his breadth of knowledge in pediatrics- it is obvious from his answers and online presence  he is an expert in pediatrics and a value to the health tap community'  u'dr novick has my highest recommendation he is a well respected pediatrician in his community and it is great to see  expertise and insights shared on health tap']
3284,[ui learn from and enjoy reading dr khanna's answers to challenging questions  a real asset to healthtap and the public!  u'i recommend dr khanna as a leading doctor in family medicine because of her knowledge and commitment to her calling --'  u'very informative answers   always quick to respond to patients   definitely a great doctor!'  uanswers patient's questions in a timely manner  very knowledgeable!  u'if you are in need of a dedicated doctor   look no further'  u'i highly recommend dr yash  khanna   great  biography']
3285,[ui have been reading & learning from dr ferguson's healthtap input for a number of months he is clearly very knowledgeable about pediatrics  infectious disease & a medicine in general the information he provides is balanced  accurate & always right on target  he has earned my respect  he is providing an excellent service to the public via health tap  i recommend dr ferguson  u'dr ferguson knows how to talk to kids and to parents as well  which is to say he is an expert in his field with effective execution  combined with warm bedside manner in caring for his anxious youthful patients  as well as their even more nervous parents bravo  dr ferguson!!! we learn much from you here on healthtap!'  ui am recommending dr ferguson for a 2nd time because he shares his compregensive knowledge of pediatrics in a straightforward  casual but authorative style also  he doesn't seem to mind comments from an aging feminist with a quirky point of view  u'highly knowledgeable and well respected has helped so many patients on health tap and in practice a treasure\r\nhighly recommend'  u'dr  ferguson has a vast fund of knowledge that allows for effectively contributing to this online community of health'  u'dr ferguson is an extremely well-informed physician  and his answers are wise and helpful  thanks  dr ferguson!']
3286,[u'i commend dr quon for his wealth of knowledge  and his consistently outstanding advice which is always to the point  comprehensive and articulate'  u'an excellent physician and resource for the people of mississippi'  u'thoughtful  insightful answers'  u'great oral surgeon!!']
3287,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice']
3288,[u'dr haghighat is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr haghighat is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'i am grateful for this doctor this thanksgiving!']
3289,[u'quick tesonse direct  thorough answered question and answered not asked (but answers were valuable) very pleased'  u'dr nguyen is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr nguyen is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'very polite  and straight helpful answers']
3290,[udr malerman is an invaluable resource for his thorough  sound advice  he has mastered the art of dispensing a large amount of wisdom in 400 words  as he says medical docs don't know much about matters in front of the tonsils  and i learn so much from his posts!  he also is not shy about reinforcing the wisdom of his peers in both the medical and dental profession  u'dr malerman is not only an expert in his field but knows a lot about everything!  he is a welcomed asset to healthtap and a great patient advocate  highly recommended'  u'dr malerman has consistently shown thoughtful and useful advise to patients in his interactions  i highly recommend him for your orthodontic needs !'  udr malerman provides informative  to-the-point responses on healthtap  he's clearly a knowledgeable and caring orthodontist  u'dr  malerman has a vast fund of knowledge that allows for effectively contributing to this online community of health'  u'dr malerman answers truthfully  understandably and is a fountain of vast dental knowledge i doff my hat to him']
3291,[u'dr gabor  has an outstanding knowledge base of both diagnostic radiology and of medicine in general (across the board)  he is providing a valuable service to the public via healthtap i endorse dr gabor'  u'dr michael gabor is an excellent physician  very knowledgeable passionate  and on the top of his field he is a great value to the people of ny  and to the family of health tap'  u'dr gabor is a very knowledgeable and compassionate doctor always enjoy reading his insightful answers highly recommended'  u'understandable answers  educates us all both patients and doctors alike  generous and collaborative recommended to all!'  u'dr gabor has been an excellent consultant and is a great asset to thr healthtap prime physician community'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
3292,[u'dr pousti is a dedicated  devoted and hard working plastic surgeon and  well rounded physician with an incredible work ethic who seeks perfection in all his efforts and undertakings his results are outstanding and reflect his exceptional skills'  u'dr pousti is an excellent plastic surgeon his knowledge and bedside manner are world class i worked with him and refer my patients to him because i trust him and his work'  u'dr pousti is one of the leading plastic surgeons in the region i would highly recommend him for someone considering plastic surgery'  u'very knowledgeable plastic surgeon great answers\r\nhighly recommend'  u'great responses very accurate comes highly recommended'  u'accurate concise answers to questions']
3293,[u'being trained  licensed  & board certified both medically (both otolaryngology and facial plastic & reconstructive surgery) and dentally (oral & maxillofacial surgery) drgallia is in possession of an incredibly impressive breadth of training  knowledge  and experience in his field  his answers to questions are clear  precise  & very helpful &it is my pleasure to recommend him very highly indeed'  u'although i live far from dr lou  i have had the chance to see his recommendations  his accolades and his patient satisfaction i highly recommend dr lou for his experience  recognition nationally and his devotion to his community of patients'  u'great doctor he gets right to the point  addresses the issue in a straightforward manner and tells you who to follow up with what more could you want glad to have him here on healthtapcom impressed with his tmj expertise'  u'i have known dr gallia to be extremely knowledgable as an oral surgeon and have been very pleased with the way he has teated my patients  i have no hesitation in recommending him'  u'dr gallia is an expert in his field and i highly recommend searching him out for answers relating to ent  maxillofacial  tmj  and other related areas of interest!'  u'not your basic or all surgeon  best of the best! very experience oral surgeon many additional specialties definitely in good hands and highly recommended!']
3294,[ui have enjoyed and learned from dr hoepfner's responses on this website  he demonstrates a wide ranging knowledge of medicine  yet is able to provide concise  relevant answers to patients' questions i recommend him  u'an excellent resource for patients and an asset to healthtap anybody who takes their personal time  to answer patient questions and does so without anything in return is fine by me'  u'i endorse this doctor  excellent information provided through avvocom as a public service very knowledgable with concise and helpful responses'  u'very knowledgable and quick responses  we need more doctors like dr hoepfner   excellent excellent!'  u'great  succinct answers to complex questions on healthtap  i recommend dr hoepfner'  u'a knowledgeable  caring  and dedicated physician']
3295,[u'dr morell is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower9'  u'dr morell is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr morell is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr morell is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'he looks like he knows what hes doing so im going to make him mine'  u'quick and clear answers']
3296,[u'dr smith is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr smith is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
3297,[u'i highly recommend dr may as a knowledgeable and experienced dentist his advice is excellent i would send any family member to him'  u'i commend dr may for his consistently outstanding comprehensive  informative  and  to the point articulate answers and advice']
3298,[u'i recommend this doctor  very insightful and i learn something new from these answers']
3299,[u'great doc!!']
3300,[u'i do recommend dr anyanwu with no reservation  to anyone seeking for a caring  comprehensive care from his specialty because i have been impressed with his pointed answers to inquiry with knowledge  wit  and kindness\r\n\r\nso  see him whenever you may need his service\r\n\r\n(james) chin-ti lin\r\nwwwformefirstcom'  u'dr jovita anyanwu is an excellent diagnostician and a caring physician  this is evident in her clear  concise  and knowledgeable patient responses  her tip tap contributions are also very informative  i am pleased to serve with dr anyanwu as a colleague on healthtap'  u'dr anyanwu has been an excellent addition to the healthtap team her answers show experienced clinical judgment and are clear and to the point i recommend her without reservation d jacobson  md'  u'dr anyanwu has consistently shown thoughtful and useful advise to patients in his interactions he is an expert in his field \r\n\r\ni highly recommend him for your health care needs !'  u'i recommend dr anyanwu i look forward to reading the information she shares on healthtap she provides accurate  clear & compassionate responses i endorse dr anyanwu'  u'patient with all his answers despite questions that may seem trivial and unnecessary knowledgeable and kind in his replies to all questions thank you dr jovita']
3301,[u'very thoughtful extremely knowledgeable a great doctor a great human being it is my pleasure to be able to write this recommendation'  u'dr rafat provides excellent information on podiatry to the public via healthtap'  u'dr raft enjoys his practice and wants to share his knowledge-dave'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
3302,[u'i highly endorse dr jeffrey bassman as an expert on health tap and healthtap prime his comments and insights are educational for both patients and physicians he is an asset to the healthtap community'  u'dr bassman is an extremely knowledgeable and dedicated dentist excellent answers and advice'  u'very knowledgable  fantastic answers with quick responses\nexcellent  excellent doctor!'  u'excellent responses to questions and very supportive of patients strongly recommended'  u'i highly recommend dr bassman and thank you for your contributions to healthtap'  u'a very knowledgable and compassionate doctor always gives very sound advice']
3303,[u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'impressive ent---healthtap is lucky to have him']
3304,[u'i highly recommend dr levitt']
3305,[u'dr javid is providing an excellent service to the public on healthtap  he is very knowledegable & provides exceptional information i endorse dr javid'  u'dr javid gives very informative answers i always learn something from his clear responses'  udrjavid's responses are insightful and straightforwardhighly recommend!  u'excellent answers and accurate   very good doctor to follow'  u'great job diagnosing\r\nvery thorough \r\ndetailed oriented'  u'a very knowledgeable  dedicated and caring dentist']
3306,[u'being trained  licensed  & board certified both medically (both otolaryngology and facial plastic & reconstructive surgery) and dentally (oral & maxillofacial surgery) drgallia is in possession of an incredibly impressive breadth of training  knowledge  and experience in his field  his answers to questions are clear  precise  & very helpful &it is my pleasure to recommend him very highly indeed'  u'although i live far from dr lou  i have had the chance to see his recommendations  his accolades and his patient satisfaction i highly recommend dr lou for his experience  recognition nationally and his devotion to his community of patients'  u'great doctor he gets right to the point  addresses the issue in a straightforward manner and tells you who to follow up with what more could you want glad to have him here on healthtapcom impressed with his tmj expertise'  u'i have known dr gallia to be extremely knowledgable as an oral surgeon and have been very pleased with the way he has teated my patients  i have no hesitation in recommending him'  u'dr gallia is an expert in his field and i highly recommend searching him out for answers relating to ent  maxillofacial  tmj  and other related areas of interest!'  u'not your basic or all surgeon  best of the best! very experience oral surgeon many additional specialties definitely in good hands and highly recommended!']
3307,[u'dr harper has been admired and recommended for all he is and all he does in the interest of his patients  i must agree all and especially with the most compelling of these accolades  from aaron h  who confirms that dr harper is not only an amazing physician but  also  an amazing father  there is no greater praise and it is obviously well deserved'  umost people spend more time shopping for a new car than they select a physician it's important to find a physician you trust and feel comfortable with dr irving w harper  iii is the only one you need to know he is a human being who cares about people i'm really learning a lot from him highly recommended!  udr harper's crystal clear vision & thinking  brief succinct statements to the point  broad encompassing knowledge  and openhearted passion have driven me to recommend him to anyone needing his personal attention  care  and service go to him; he will and can help  u'dr harper is a very knowledgeable and compassionate doctor who gives practical and sensible advice i enjoy reading his answers highly recommended '  udr harper's tips and answers show he is a caring and dedicated physician health tap is lucky to have his experience and expertise  u'respected specialist in internal medicine gives quick  informative answers highly recommend']
3308,[u'i worked with one of his colleagues  only good things to say about this unique practice']
3309,[u'i broke my left elbow in a bicycling accident in may  i was referred to dr henley by the washington regional er staff  his staff got me in for an apt very quickly and i had surgery apx a week later  dr henley has a great bedside manner and makes sure you understand what the problem is and how he is going to fix it  i turn 40 this year and this is my 1st broken bone and being the active person i am thought this was going to be a breeze  i would waltz out of surgerydo a little therapyand all would be better  poor dr henleythe surgery went well but scar tissue aggressively  set up in my elbow and no matter how hard i worked in therapy and at home i could not get my elbow to bend  two things happened at that point that i feel really turned my whole situation arounddr henley recommended a manipulation procedure where you go to the outpatient center they put you to sleep and he bends your arm and breaks up the scar tissue  then my therapist cindy (wonderful person) recommended a static pro'  u'after an injury in october 2011  which resulted in tendonitis in my elbow  i experienced severe pain that limited my activities  my family enjoys many outdoor activities  and i have not been able to participate since this injury  my first treating physician had me do pt and a steroid injection  the steroid injection worked great for about a week  but the pain returned  he then referred me to dr henley for a prp (platelet rich plasma) injection  which was done on 6/11/12  if you are not familiar with this procedure  as i was not  and you have tendonitis  you should do some research  it is so simple  and there is little to no pain during the procedure  it is very sore for about 48 hours afterwards  compared to the pain i have been experiencing for months  it was nothing  so far i have been amazed at the results  my elbow is still slightly tender to the touch  and i do have to stretch it out in the morning after it has been immobile during the night  but it is so much better  i followed up with dr h'  ui was sent to dr henley by my family doctor for an infected cat bite not responding to antibiotics i was seen by dr henley promptly and he wasted no time in determining that my fingers condition was serious and needed immediate attention he explained what was going on and the possible outcomes he then sent me straight to the hospital saying he would meet me there the hospital staff were very friendly and professional and familiar with dr henley i was not kept waiting long for dr henley's arrival  dr henley was very cheerful when he arrived and checked in on me which made me feel good my son and daughter-in-law were very happy with how dr henley related how the surgery went  what he had done  how long i would be in recovery  and how long before i could go back to work he showed concern for me  which they were very pleased with he exhibited an excellent bedside manner when he saw me in the hospital and answered all my questions all my follow up visits went well with all my questions answered dr  udr henley took his time to explain to me what he had found he also informed me that it wasn't imperative that i immediately schedule surgery that made me feel very comfortable that he wasn't pushing me to have surgery i chose to go ahead and schedule the surgery just to get it out of the way  but didn't feel pushed to do so dr henley was also very punctual i appreciate that i was able to get in to see him pretty close to the time that i was scheduled too many times i have sat in a doctor's office waiting for hours after my originally scheduled appointment i appreciate the respect he had for my time although i know that there are instances when a doctor may be running behind due to unforeseen circumstances  it is really appreciated that this is the exception rather than the rule i highly recommend dr henley you will leave your appointment understanding exactly what your issue is  whether or not it is critical that surgery be scheduled immediately or if it can it wait  and having a great feeling tha  ui had suffered with both hands from athritis and bone spurs for the past 5 years and it got to be pain 24/7  i was at a  point where i could not enjoy crocheting or doing other thing i enjoyed i looked on the internet and read dr henley's profile and really liked what i read i set up to see him and after x-ray he new right off what the problem was  i  tried the cortisone shot  first thinking that would help than i had to wait for 6 weeks before he could do surgery wish i would have done surgery from the start i had my left hand done on sept 14  2011 everything went great wore cast for 2 weeks than went to brace for 6 weeks  i had my right one done on nov 23  2011  i went back to dr henley on jan 12  2012 and he took my last brace off  re x-rayed it everyting looked great so now i am free and 2 handed again what a blessing my hands no longer hurt  left one is great and right one getting stronger everyday still alittle tender but so much better  i can now crochet again i would highly recommend  u'after 7 years of pain  arthritis medicines and splinting  i told my primary care physician i had had enough  he referred me to dr henley  i visited him in early 2010 and he did some x-rays and testing and told me i had carpal tunnel in my right hand and both thumb joints had deteriorated from degenerative arthritis  he explained my options - one of which was a series of steroid injections  i tried that without success  finally in february 2010 i was ready for surgery  he did carpal tunnel repair and rebuilt my thumb joint on my right hand  i returned to him in september 2010 and he rebuilt my left thumb joint  before my surgeries  i was pretty much in constant pain - getting dressed was painful  opening a jar was out of the question  i spent several months in therapy (cindy is the best!) and am happy and pleased to say  i feel better than i have in years and find myself wondering why i waited so long  my hands are strong and just like new  i can work in my garden  do housework  and even lift weig']
3310,[u'great doctor! i trust his answers\r\nkind  caring  intelligent\r\nhighly recommend'  u'knowledgable  caring and helpful answers'  u'i recommend this physician'  u'very thorough and concise']
3311,[u'great person great doctor']
3312,[u'3 to 4 inch white discharge after the 13th day of my period is ovulation day and whats the perfect day for pregnency'  u'dr garvey is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr garvey is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr garvey is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'helpful answers']
3313,[u'dr oscar novick is an excellent pediatrician who demonstrates a wide-breadth of knowledge across medical specialties his responses are concise  practical  and insightful and i look forward to reading them additionally he is kind and caring as reflected in his answers i am happy to have dr novick as my colleague on healthtap!'  ui like & admire dr novick 's vastness of passion & compassion  wealth in his specialty knowledge  and keen instinct to conjecture useful solutions beyond available facts so  i recommend him without reservation to anyone in need for his specialty care and service \r\n\r\n(james) chin-ti lin  md  u'dr novick is clearly has an outstanding knowledge of pediatrics he is providing an excellent service to the public via healhtap the information he provides is understandable  accurate & compassionate i endorse dr novick'  u'excellent well thought out answers an excellent resource for patients and an asset to healthtap anybody who takes their personal time  to answer patient questions and does so without anything in return is fine by me'  u'i am always amazed at his breadth of knowledge in pediatrics- it is obvious from his answers and online presence  he is an expert in pediatrics and a value to the health tap community'  u'dr novick has my highest recommendation he is a well respected pediatrician in his community and it is great to see  expertise and insights shared on health tap']
3314,[u'dr saleh elahwal is  a caring  knowledgable and dedicated professional i iendorse this doctor'  u'great doc!']
3315,[u'i highly endorse dr legha as an  expert on healthtap and healthtap prime his comments and insights provide valuable guidance and information'  u'your dedication and commitment to providing quality health consultation on healthtap is greatly admired and a true benefit to your patients'  u'i endorse dr legha dr legha clearly has a vast knowledge of medical oncology &  is willing to share it as a public service via healthtap'  udr legha's posts are always thought provoking  one can truly see the commitment and passion to medicine  keep the great answers coming  u'dr legha  provides many knowledgeable and helpful answers he is an asset to healthtap'  u'i highly recommend  dr lega  for his great biography   publications  &  awards']
3316,[u'dr gorenstein is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr gorenstein is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
3317,[u'dr krulak is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr krulak is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr krulak is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
3318,[u'i am delighted to endorse clinical professor of psychiatry at ucsf  peter l forster md he is a superb psychiatric diagnostician and psychopharmacologist i have referred patients  friends and personal relations to him for diagnosis and treatment on numerous occasions i have the utmost confidence in his judgment and clinical acumen\n\nmark i levy md\nasst clinical professor of psychiatry  ucsf'  u'excellent diagnostician  psychopharmacologist  and great understanding of systems']
3319,[u'dr webster writes the type of answers to questions that i wish i would have written myself'  u'dr webster has helped me to take care of patients with metastatic disease to the brain'  u'dr devon enjoys helping and teaching her patients-dave'  u'excellent doctor and is an asset to healthtap'  u'very knowledgable with excellent answers'  u'very accurate and timely responses']
3320,[u'dr liu is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr liu is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
3321,[u'with an abundance of experience  keen insight  razor sharp mind and unquestionable compassion   dr zimon contributes a wealth of information to enhance the knowledge of patients and doctors  he shares the perspective of one who has seen the science of medicine completely change over the years and the foresight of one who can take these years of science and predict what is coming'  u'dr zimon clearly know his stuff and shares openly with both colleagues and patients alike we are fortunate to have him here on healthtap!'  u'i endorse dr zimon  with a keen knowledge of internal medicine  he is providing an excellent service to the public via healthtap'  u'great answers from a clinician with a wealth of experience and expressed with an unmistakable passion for his patients welfare'  u'offers insightful advice and knowledge from one who is well founded and experienced in medicine'  u'experience  knowledge and keen insight']
3322,[u'very informative answers   always quick to respond to patients   definitely a great doctor!'  u'knowledgeable  caring answers  thank you'  u'i recommend this physician!'  u'great anesthesiologist!!!'  u'very talented  physician'  u'outstanding!']
3323,[u'very quick to help   very clear and helped me get the help i needed \n wish he was my gp'  u'dr yetimyan is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr yetimyan is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'thank you for giving me advice godbless you always'  u'update yourself with new hiv test methodology']
3324,[u'great   timely responses']
3325,[u'dr cohen is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr cohen is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
3326,[uday after day  dr fowler answers scads of patient questions tirelessly while managing to handle each one with care and thoughtfulness she's earned the respect and admiration of many docs here as both a colleague and a leader - one who readily cheers us on and one who humanizes us all with the funny and folksy expressions that dot her answers (whoah nelly  indeed!)  hats off to dr fowler!  uwhen a physician has so many colleagues who admire her and her work  it should not be a surprise that she is an outstanding doctor but dr fowler has that something extra that almost seems magical she's a true humanitarian  and i consider it a blessing to have her be part of the healthtap community here's to you dr fowler  for all you are and do for patients and colleagues alike cheers!  ui've had the opportunity to interact with dr fowler for the last several months on the former avvo health website where she was the top doc bar none her answers to psychiatric questions are spot on and serve as an excellent source of information for non-psychiatrists this is complemented by her overall fund of general medical knowledge which she dispenses in a compassionate manner  uwow!  i decided to read the recommendations from other doctors before writing mine  five minutes later i still have not gotten to the bottom of the list  hard to add to all of this but i must say i love reading dr fowler's responses  concise  to the point and done with a sense of compassion and an endearing sense of humor  i highly recommend her and learn a lot from her  u'dr fowler is a conscientious contributor to the community  providing insightful opinions to people in need although many physicians are perhaps skeptical of the services this  and other medical information websites provide  there are a growing number of disenfranchised people out there who need some help  understanding  and kindness dr fowler helps provide all three'  ui only know dr fowler from interacting with her on avvocom  reading her answers  i can't help but sense the deep compassion this fine doctor possesses  she goes out of her way to answer people's questions  and will research topics that are not even in her area of expertise to provide assistance dr fowler comes across as a great doctor and a wonderful human being!]
3327,[u'dr tibayan is an outstanding physician and surgeon'  ui endorse this doctor  he's got the right stuff]
3328,[ui have enjoyed and learned from dr hoepfner's responses on this website  he demonstrates a wide ranging knowledge of medicine  yet is able to provide concise  relevant answers to patients' questions i recommend him  u'an excellent resource for patients and an asset to healthtap anybody who takes their personal time  to answer patient questions and does so without anything in return is fine by me'  u'i endorse this doctor  excellent information provided through avvocom as a public service very knowledgable with concise and helpful responses'  u'very knowledgable and quick responses  we need more doctors like dr hoepfner   excellent excellent!'  u'great  succinct answers to complex questions on healthtap  i recommend dr hoepfner'  u'a knowledgeable  caring  and dedicated physician']
3329,[u'dr oscar novick is an excellent pediatrician who demonstrates a wide-breadth of knowledge across medical specialties his responses are concise  practical  and insightful and i look forward to reading them additionally he is kind and caring as reflected in his answers i am happy to have dr novick as my colleague on healthtap!'  ui like & admire dr novick 's vastness of passion & compassion  wealth in his specialty knowledge  and keen instinct to conjecture useful solutions beyond available facts so  i recommend him without reservation to anyone in need for his specialty care and service \r\n\r\n(james) chin-ti lin  md  u'dr novick is clearly has an outstanding knowledge of pediatrics he is providing an excellent service to the public via healhtap the information he provides is understandable  accurate & compassionate i endorse dr novick'  u'excellent well thought out answers an excellent resource for patients and an asset to healthtap anybody who takes their personal time  to answer patient questions and does so without anything in return is fine by me'  u'i am always amazed at his breadth of knowledge in pediatrics- it is obvious from his answers and online presence  he is an expert in pediatrics and a value to the health tap community'  u'dr novick has my highest recommendation he is a well respected pediatrician in his community and it is great to see  expertise and insights shared on health tap']
3330,[u'very talented']
3331,[u'good knowledgeable answers and caring approach'  u'very precise & thorough responses'  u'good answers']
3332,[u'dr mutnick is a great physician  very knowledgeable and compassionate what  a wonderful asset to the health tap community: i recommend dr mutnick without any hesitation!'  udr mutnick's knowledge and data base is impressive and his responses to questions clear  easily understood  and accurate would recommend him highly  u'dr mutnick is a highly regarded  recommended  and respected and allergy and immunology specialist'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'excellent advice on so many topics!\r\nhighly recommend'  u'excellent allergist and welcome addition to healthtap']
3333,[u'dr rakshak is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1'  u'dr rakshak is an amazing doctor! #nationaldoctorsday2015 #virtualflower1']
3334,[u'dr karsant is clearly a very knowledgable dentist i met him at a healthtap retreat & learned from him he is providing a valuable service to the public on healthtap i endorse dr karsant'  u'a very intelligent  expereinced and highly engaged dentist i enjoyed meeting and working with him very much highly recommend'  u'dr karsant supplies helpful  informative answers on healthtap  and is a thoughtful  engaged colleague  i recommend him highly!'  u'doctor peter a karsant answer are very informative  helpful to the people on health tap\ni would highly  recommend him'  u'a very knowledgeable and dedicated dentist excellent to the point answers and advice i highly recommend'  u'very knowledgable doctor   great answers and a great doctor to follow!']
3335,[ui highly recommend dr killian for his dedication and excellent and straightforward responses on healthtap he is clearly very knowledgeable in the area of human sexuality and sexually transmitted diseases as well as in men's health and excellent addition to the healthtap team  ui see dr k on line often giving expert and knowledgeable advice from a variety of topics including : human immunodeficiency virus  sexually transmitted infections  aids  gay  lesbian and transgender health  men's health he is a major contributer to the health tap community  udr killian has a vast amount of knowledge and a great ability to separate the wheat from the chaff in answering questions with clarity and wit i appreciate learning from him as much as i'm sure the readers do  too  u'dr killian is informative  clear  compassionate and interesting i look forward to seeing his replies and comments i always learn things that are helpful and often thought provoking a great resource!'  u'dr killian is very knowledgeable and his answers are a great resource to patients here on health tap  i find myself learning a lot from reading his entries'  u'outstanding and to the point answers and advice obviously a very knowledgeable  caring and dedicated doctor']
3336,[u'very active physician on healthtap  work well with other physicians  his answers are straightforward and to the point  recommended!'  u'thank you for bringing your caring  knowledgeable experience to the table for all of us to benefit from! seriously  thank you'  u'luis is another of many prolific contributors to healthtap  i gain new insights every time i read one of his postings'  u'you are doing a great job  dr villaplana!  \nrick shewbridge  md\nclevleland clinic\nmedina  ohio'  u'i recommend this doctor  very insightful and i learn something new from these answers'  u'excellent answers especially endocrinology related questions appreciate your efforts']
3337,[u'dr amawi is providing an excellent service to the public on health tap he shares his vast knowledge of psychiatry in a way that is easy to understand  i r ecommend dr amawi'  u'dr bassam amawi is an excellent physician  very knowledgeable passionate  and on the top of his field he is a great value to the people of fl  and to the family of health tap'  u'dr amawi is a skilled  knowledgeable  and caring physician; he is accessible and generous with his expertise here on healthtap'  u'great doctor consistently gives thoughtful  insightful and expert advice'  u'competent  caring and experienced dr amawi is a great physician'  u'knowledgeable  caring answers  thank you']
3338,[u'i do recommend dr anyanwu with no reservation  to anyone seeking for a caring  comprehensive care from his specialty because i have been impressed with his pointed answers to inquiry with knowledge  wit  and kindness\r\n\r\nso  see him whenever you may need his service\r\n\r\n(james) chin-ti lin\r\nwwwformefirstcom'  u'dr jovita anyanwu is an excellent diagnostician and a caring physician  this is evident in her clear  concise  and knowledgeable patient responses  her tip tap contributions are also very informative  i am pleased to serve with dr anyanwu as a colleague on healthtap'  u'dr anyanwu has been an excellent addition to the healthtap team her answers show experienced clinical judgment and are clear and to the point i recommend her without reservation d jacobson  md'  u'dr anyanwu has consistently shown thoughtful and useful advise to patients in his interactions he is an expert in his field \r\n\r\ni highly recommend him for your health care needs !'  u'i recommend dr anyanwu i look forward to reading the information she shares on healthtap she provides accurate  clear & compassionate responses i endorse dr anyanwu'  u'patient with all his answers despite questions that may seem trivial and unnecessary knowledgeable and kind in his replies to all questions thank you dr jovita']
3339,[u'i recommend dr beresh  he is an asset to healthtap and is well respected in the medical community'  u'i believe he is honest and sincere  his knowledge is excellent'  u'will follow you on health tap'  u'highly recommended-dave'  u'very knowledgeable']
